BA100:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Enterprise Analytics Track Overview:Start your SAP TechEd journey here. Get an overview of the enterprise analytics track. Learn how to prepare your session attendance depending on your key interests. Take a closer look at can’t-miss sessions.
BA101:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Deploy Predictive Models in No Time with Rapid-Deployment Solution Content:Use the data at hand and evangelize the different approaches to build better predictive models on a wide variety of industry scenarios. Discuss best practices with enterprise data sets around different lines of business and industries to solve key business challenges. Discover a quick and reliable way to succeed using predictive analytics.
BA102:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Overview of the What, Why, and How of Analytics from SAP in the Cloud:See the latest innovation in cloud-based business intelligence and overall cloud computing strategy from SAP. Deploy an enterprise-grade, zero-footprint business intelligence (BI) system in the cloud or offer maintenance-free, self-service BI software such as SAP Lumira to all your users. Get the background, insights, and details to choose the right cloud product from SAP.
BA103:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Everything You Need to Know About SAP Lumira in Two Parts:Join either or both parts of this two-part session. During the first hour, learn about what's new in the latest version of SAP Lumira, desktop edition, SAP Lumira, server version for teams, and SAP Lumira, server version for the SAP BusinessObjects BI platform, followed by a demo. During the second hour, learn SAP Lumira tips, tricks, and best practices.
BA104:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Business Users Control and Drive Their Data:Take a hands-on approach to learn about smart data preparation with the SAP HANA platform. Smart data preparation guides data stewards to rapidly develop a solution that can measure and improve the quality of their information assets. Analyze, cleanse, and enrich the data to accomplish this. Learn how to merge datasets and create a data-cleansing solution. Find out more about profiling, content type discovery, and sharing and collaborating with colleagues.
BA105:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Leverage SAP BusinessObjects Mobile SDK for Your Analytical Needs:SAP BusinessObjects Mobile SDK provides capabilities for customers and partners to customize apps to meet their corporate needs. Hear how customers can customize, brand, and secure their analytical apps. In addition, this session covers steps to embed analytics into any custom iOS app and details future road maps.
BA106:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Tame Big Data with SAP Lumira Software:Big Data presents a challenge of size and speed for analytical tools looking at running on top of such a source. Data analysts and business users are accustomed to having the quick reactivity when having their usual BI tools running on RDBMS sources. How can we bring the same experience on top of datasets of various shapes with sizes that are humongous? See how SAP Lumira has resolved this challenge and brings self-service capabilities directly on Hadoop.
BA107:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:World Premiere of the Latest Release of SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio:Explore the key capabilities of SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio, release 1.6, including scheduling and broadcasting, chart, offline, and geomap enhancements. Discover new visual components and calculations at runtime. Enjoy a live demo tour.
BA108:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Data Integration Options Available with SAP Cloud for Planning:In this session, learn data integration options available for SAP Cloud for Planning to integrate with other solutions such as SAP Business Warehouse, SAP ERP, and more.
BA109:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Performance Analytics for Order-to-Cash Processes in SAP S/4HANA:Continuous improvement of business processes across complex value chains is crucial for businesses. As part of SAP S/4HANA, we implemented the possibility to monitor the performance of the sell-from-stock and other order-to-cash process out of the box and in real time. SAP S/4HANA lets you monitor and evaluate the process performance indicators with SAP Fiori apps and the SAP Smart Business cockpit based on open views. Compare among sales organizations, customers, and materials to filter orders.
BA110:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Performance Analytics for Order-to-Cash Processes in SAP S/4HANA:Learn how integrated business planning for finance enables the financial capabilities provided by the SAP Business Planning and Consolidation application that is part of SAP S/4HANA. It comes with new user interfaces and workflow, as well as a next-level architecture that eliminates data replication of actuals or master data.
BA111:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Become a Data-Driven Businesscolon Exploratory and Prescriptive Analytics:Enterprises are struggling to understand and profit from the exploding levels of data available to them. Meanwhile, expectations are growing and data science skills are in short supply. The automation of predictive analytics is the key basis of two new categories of advanced analytic applications. Exploratory analytics use predictive analytics to show executives what is really driving business, while prescriptive analytics use these insights to improve operations.
BA112:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Predictive Maintenance and Servicecolon Practical Internet of Things Experience:The SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service solution is in the domain where customers merge large amounts of machine sensor and failure event data with structured ERP data such as maintenance notifications and orders, warranty claims, and service plans. The goals are to increase asset uptime, find breakdown root causes, save maintenance cost, and keep customers happy. Learn what more than a dozen SAP customers have done in this domain and what statistical methods they used.
BA113:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Analytics Partner Platform Play for Customers and Partners:Build your own intellectual property (IP) using an SAP Analytics software development kit (SDK). What benefits and resources are available for partners using our SAP Analytics SDKs? See what our partners have already created. Discover the simple way to build extensions with SAP Analytics. Evangelize your existing solutions with in-product discovery capabilities. See real examples from our partners with product demos.
BA114:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Analyze Clinical and Genomic Data with Real-Time Medical Insight:The usual challenges for cancer researchers include complex, unstructured, Big Data in silos, and the question of which patient group matches a research idea. The SAP Medical Research Insights solution works with the SAP HANA platform to enable fast, ad hoc patient cohort analysis based on large-scale structured and unstructured clinical data from virtually any source. Physicians and researchers can securely analyze clinical and genomic data in real time.
BA115:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Enhance Process Intelligence and Analytics:Gain process intelligence on your end-to-end business processes such as procure to pay or order to cash with SAP Operational Process Intelligence software. Learn how you can use the real-time process data mart, automatically generated in the SAP HANA platform, for analytics with help from SAP Lumira software.
BA116:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:ASUG Influence Councilcolon SAP BusinessObjects Analysis:SAP BusinessObjects Analysis, edition for Microsoft Office is the premium alternative to SAP Business Explorer (SAP BEx) analyzer and is the planned converged Excel client to include enterprise perfomance management (EPM) solutions. Come and influence SAP at this ASUG Influence Council for SAP BusinessObjects Analysis, edition for Microsoft Office.
BA117:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:ASUG Influence Councilcolon SAP Predictive Analytics:Want to discuss and influence the future of predictive analytics at SAP? This session introduces the missions of ASUG Influence Councils, how they work, and details about how to get involved in the ASUG SAP Predictive Analytics Influence Council. The focus of such councils is to have your voice heard and bring real-life use cases directly to our product development team. Don't miss this chance to get the latest on how to get more involved and hear the benefits of participating.
BA119:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Advanced Dashboard Development Using Design Studio at Medtronic:Business challengescolon track weekly product availability and back orders against targets, trending by comparing MTD, QTD, and YTD, and the top 10 hits and graphical summary for quick management review.\nSAP BusinessObjects Design Studio solutionscolon SAP Fiori-like templates along with customized components, use of context menu and functionality to analysis/export, ability to filter on regions, plants, and products, customized graphs based on personal preference at run time, and fragmented bookmarks.
BA120:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:ASUG Influence Councilcolon SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio:SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio is the premium alternative to SAP Business Explorer (SAP BEx) Web application designer tool and will help with the creation of mobile dashboards against universes, SAP Business Warehouse, and SAP HANA data sources. Come and influence SAP at this ASUG Influence Council for SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio.
BA121:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Getting the Datacolon How Lockheed Martin Reports on Enterprise Learning Data:Continuing on Lockheed Martin's successful SAP HANA zero code side-car implementation, Lockheed Martin Enterprise Learning implements their SAP BusinessObjects solution to deliver large data reports using SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence.
BA122:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:It Isn't Only Brain Surgerycolon SAP HANA and SAP BusinessObjects BI Solutions:Mercy Health has deployed SAP HANA as an analytics side car for our enterprise SAP BusinessObjects software installation. The first focus area for this toolset was Perioperative Services, which is the section of our business that runs our operating rooms. While SAP HANA was employed primarily to enable self-service of our vast amount of supply cost information, other benefits include reduced dashboard and analytic development time, more engaging analysis, and some light predictive modeling.
BA123:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Apply a Fresh Face to Your BI Apps with SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio:It has been stated that \"SAP Fiori UX is the new face of SAP\". In this session, learn about the benefits and best practices of applying the SAP Fiori paradigm to build BI apps with SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio that deliver a simple, consistent, and engaging user experience. We'll cover templates, standard and SDK components, for implementing SAP Fiori principles when targeting desktop and mobile devices, as well as self-service. A live, interactive demo will be presented to show the results
BA124:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Location Analytics and SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio:In this session, attendees will learn more about the available options for location analytics data in combination with SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio and SAP Lumira. Attendees will learn how they can simply and quickly leverage their geographic data and integrate it into their dashboards.
BA125:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:BIP Influence Council Live Meeting:The leadership for this council will explain how it provides direction to SAP. We will also provide examples of how ideas move from concerns, complaints or issues to delivered solutions.
BA126:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:How Mylan Is Using SAP HANA for EDW, Data Hub, and Self-Service BI:At Mylan, SAP HANA is efficiently used as enterprise data warehouse, enterprise data hub, and also self-service BI using SAP BW and native SAP HANA with mixed scenario architecture as back-end and complete SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence suite. See how SAP HANA simplifies the multiple source system data in one place and provisions to downstream applications. Businesses benefit by a single version of global data in one place and also self-service capabilities the BI suite provides.
BA160:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Use SAP Predictive Analytics with SAP Business Warehouse on SAP HANA:Learn how you can use SAP Predictive Analytics software in combination with your data from SAP Business Warehouse powered by SAP HANA. Experience predictive capabilities in a hands-on workshop. Discover an innovative unified model manager capability. Find out how to create simple and complex predictive models in an intuitive manner, as well as how to integrate and manage these models in everyday SAP HANA platform-based applications.
BA200:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Take a Deep Dive into Deploying BI in the Cloud:Learn about the architecture and most relevant uses cases of the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence suite, release 4.1, for the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service. Find out how to create a cloud, on-premise, or hybrid deployment for the suite using SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud.
BA201:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Guide to SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence Platform Improvements:Find out what is new with the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence platform. Understand the enhancements and key upgrades available in the latest release. Learn how they can help boost your business’s productivity.
BA202:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Know How and Where to Fine-Tune Your Business Intelligence Platform:Find clear moments to tweak your business intelligence platform. This includes the intelligence tier, processing tier, and Web tier architectures. Don’t forget other factors such as service dependencies, interoperability components, timeouts, and memory settings.
BA203:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:See How SAP Cloud for Planning Simplifies and Adds Agility to Processes:The SAP Cloud for Planning solution is a future-oriented, people-centric, and analytics-embedded solution built on SAP HANA Cloud Platform. Learn how this solution can help simplify planning processes and see the ways it complements your other SAP solutions.
BA204:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Extract Real Business Value from Big Data with a Rapid-Deployment Solution:Learn how the SAP HANA Big Data Intelligence rapid-deployment solution enables your business to leverage unstructured, event stream, and signal intelligence scenarios. The solution provides predefined configuration and integration content for your choice of cloud, on-premise, or hybrid deployments.
BA205:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Interactive Charting Using Shiny in Predictive Analytics and SAP HANA:Get the best of R and SAP HANA platform capabilities for predictive modelling and visualizations in predictive analytics. Examine various powerful analytical algorithms, charting libraries, and Shiny apps running on the SAP HANA platform, which were created as custom components in SAP Predictive Analytics software. Learn how to create custom interactive visualizations using R charting libraries in Shiny apps to help expert users and data scientists better understand the models.
BA206:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Extend Your Systems with Analytic Applications in SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Learn more about options to run operational reporting such as analytic applications and SAP HANA Live offerings in the cloud. Unlock the data of your existing systems – and leverage it within SAP HANA Cloud Platform. Set up replication of data from your on-premise systems to the cloud and examine options to visualize data with SAP Lumira software. See how to integrate your on-premise business intelligence tools or leverage cloud services.
BA207:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:ASUG Influence Council Open Meetingcolon SAP Lumira:SAP values the customer feedback gained via the Influence Program. By working collaboratively with ASUG members to identify and address customer concerns, SAP can leverage the feedback and innovative ideas we provide in this medium. These efforts provide for better product enhancements, increased customer visibility into SAP's product innovation lifecycle, and higher customer satisfaction. Join the ASUG SAP Lumira Influence Council's Open Meeting and see if you would like to participate.
BA208:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:ASUG Influence Council Update and Road Mapcolon SAP Business Objects Mobile BI:This session reviews the current SAP BusinessObjects Mobile BI software, as well as provides a road map update. This is an open ASUG Influence Council meeting where SAP and customers can discuss current concerns, as well as your ideas for future enhancements and features. If you are looking for the opportunity to have SAP hear your voice, this is the session to attend.
BA209:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:SDK Experiencescolon SAP Lumira VizPacker and SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio:This session provides an overview of three focal areascolon 1) New usage potentials experienced while using the SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio SDK with examples of a new data source extension, new visualization and map experiments, and an overview of the new SDK functionality available with 1.5.  2) A recount of experience with using SAP Lumira VizPacker and the SAP Web IDE VizPacker plugin.  3) Leveraging and the challenges faced with common libraries such as SAPUI5, D3, CVOM, and RequireJS.
BA210:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Using SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio for Self Service BI:In this session, learn how a company can leverage SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio as an environment to create a self-service BI solution. Hear the steps that are needed to create a self-service environment and where the current limitations are by using SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio. This presentation focuses on outlining which components are required to create the self-service BI solution and the required steps to create the application.
BA211:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Verizoncolon Implement SAP ERP Data Lake Analytics Solution Based on SAP HANA:The objective of this session is to extend the SAP ERP operational analytics solution with SAP HANA accelerators, SAP Business Warehouse powered by SAP HANA, native SAP HANA data marts to support multiple ERPs, and provide enterprise-wide insights. Learn how Verizon implemented operational processes to optimize performance across various components and advanced analytics scenarios using visualization tools. Hear how they managed various use case workloads through multi-tenant containers.
BA212:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Best Practices for Dashboard Design with SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio:In this session, attendees learn about best practices of dashboard design in two areas. The first part of the session focuses on a common set of dashboard design rules such as the usage of different visualization, colors, and text as part of the overall design process and provide good and bad design examples. The second part of the session outlines performance best practices when using SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio.
BA213:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Faster SAP Lumira Extension Development with D3 Data Manipulation:So you want to create an SAP Lumira extension, but you’re not comfortable with D3? Get familiar with the time-saving D3 data manipulations that will save hours over debugging a homegrown JavaScript function. Through illustrative examples, learn to apply them to your own extensions. D3’s data methods can accelerate your development, improve maintainability, and stop yourself from reinventing the wheel.
BA214:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Reporting with SAP S/4HANAcolon From Operational Reporting to Insight-to-Action:Get an overview of existing and planned reporting and decision making components in the context of SAP S/4HANA, including virtual data models, embedded BI, SAP Smart Business cockpits, and the relation to BI interfaces and the SAP Business Warehouse application. Learn about the strategy and tools at SAP that can help support the best use of solutions in this context. Get live experience with these solutions.
BA215:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Deliver Real-Time Manufacturing Intelligence with SAP MII:Enable real-time process analytics and deliver intelligence for manufacturing using SAP Manufacturing Integration and Intelligence (SAP MII). We highlight implementation case studies for operational dashboard implementing using SAP MII and different aspects of using SAPUI5 to develop real-time dashboards for process analytics and monitoring. We discuss real-time manufacturing intelligence using SAP MII, the importance of UX in manufacturing, and redefine manufacturing visualization experience.
BA216:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence Software Innovations:Learn why the latest release of the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence suite is highly innovative. Improve your reports based on global input controls, BI variants, dynamic prompts, and multivalued input parameters. See demos and videos of the latest functionality. If you want a clear understanding of all innovations you can share with your teams, this is a must-attend session.
BA217:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Dr Pepper's BI Accelerated with SAP HANAcolon From Design to Production:In 2015, Dr Pepper Snapple Group went live with SAP HANA to improve their business-critical data warehouse powered by SAP Business Warehouse. DPSG collaborated with SAP for design and technical expertise from conception to nearly flawless roll-out on an 8-node scale-out system in a partner-managed hosted environment. Data loads running 9 hours improved with SAP HANA by up to 300% and reports running 2 hours completed in 10 minutes. Find out how DPSG partnered with SAP to achieve these results.
BA260:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Create Self-Service Query Scenarios with SAP Business Warehouse:Take a closer look at the innovative workspace query designer for the SAP Business Warehouse application, release 7.5, powered by SAP HANA. Business users can create their own data models with a query definition in a nontechnical user interface in one step. The focus is a self-service query definition enriched with local data, which can be consumed with a business intelligence client.
BA261:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Analytics Clients in Microsoft Office:SAP simplifies and simultaneously strengthens the offering of analytics clients in Microsoft Office. SAP BusinessObjects Analysis software, edition for Microsoft Office, and the enterprise performance management (EPM) add-in converge into a single client that allows parallel usage and adds new scenarios to the previous clients. This hands-on session introduces you to the strengths of both clients and allows you to check out the latest and greatest features.
BA262:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Monitor the Health of Your SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence Suite:With the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence suite, release 4.1, understanding and troubleshooting your system becomes easier, but you still need to know which tool to use for what purpose. Gain useful insights and use the BI support tool to analyze your system. Audit and monitor your resources and processes and generate traces. BI administrators can refine their skills using the improved administration tools.
BA263:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Business Intelligence Clients and Applications for SAP HANA:Model data using the power of the SAP HANA platform. Design compelling reports and applications and distribute them to users by leveraging the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence suite. Use SAP Lumira and SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio to fulfill self-service and guided analysis scenarios and extend them with custom visualizations. Build personalized content with SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence and distribute it using the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence platform.
BA264:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Explore SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio:Learn how to create compelling visualizations, dashboards, and apps while discovering the capabilities in SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio. SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio is an analytical tool for power users to create purpose-built OLAP analysis and planning applications that are ready for mobile consumption by connecting to various data sources such as the SAP Business Warehouse application and the SAP HANA platform.
BA265:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Improvement Showcase on SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence Software:Take a closer look at the many developments to the latest release of SAP BusinessObjects. Create a report using grouping values, global input controls, business intelligence variants, and SAP Business Warehouse powered by SAP HANA. Leverage query stripping to improve performance, member, and variable selection. If you want to leverage these showcases, this is a must-attend session.
BA266:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Leverage a Business Intelligence Platform to Deploy SAP Lumira:Deploy SAP Lumira software and provide a seamless business intelligence experience to users in an enterprise environment when you use the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence platform, release 4.1. Explore the capabilities of SAP Lumira and how to use existing data models from different data sources. Find out how business users can analyze and explore corporate data using both SAP Lumira and SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence.
BA268:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Hear Best Practices, Tips, and Tricks for Upgrading from XI3 to BI4:Learn the best avenues for upgrading your business intelligence platform from XI3 to BI4. Find out how to perform full and incremental upgrades. Discover how promotion and version management can play a vital role in your upgrade strategy. Help ensure your upgrade is a smooth and seamless process that enables your organization to benefit from all that BI4 has to offer.
BA269:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Manage Capital Budgeting with SAP Extended Financial Planning RDS:Learn about the capital budgeting capabilities and methodologies of the SAP Extended Financial Planning rapid-deployment solution. Use best practices, such has simplified requesting of capital, batch approval of projects and capital, automated depreciation calculations, and insightful reporting. Explore data integration with external sources and other business planning consolidation models.
BA270:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Hands-On, Embedded Model in SAP Business Planning and Consolidation:Attend this hands-on workshop to gain experience with the SAP Business Planning and Consolidation application, focusing on the capabilities introduced with the embedded model. Learn how to set up an embedded model implementation and take advantage of the additional capabilities it introduces.
BA271:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Hands-On Workshop for the SAP Cloud for Planning Solution:Get firsthand experience with the SAP Cloud for Planning solution through a series of hands on exercises. In this session, we explore how to create models, reports, visualizations, and collaborations while we update a  financial plan.
BA272:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Automated Predictive Analytics Integration and Scripting:Discover the integration and scripting capabilities offered by the automated analytics module from SAP Predictive Analytics software, release 2.0. Learn how to train, apply, deploy, and monitor your models using either the built-in KxShell scripting language or the Java application programming interface.
BA273:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Build Analytical and Planning Apps with SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio:Learn how to build advanced analytical and planning applications based on the SAP HANA platform and the SAP Business Warehouse application. This session features the latest SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio capabilities, such as dynamic CSS formatting, geomaps, PDF printing, new software development kit extension options, and more.
BA274:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Create Connectors with SAP Lumira Software Data Access Extensions:SAP Lumira software offers a self-service visualization tool for acquiring data, preparing it, creating visualizations, combining them into stories, and sharing them with others. The software ships with a lot of connectivity out of the box, but what if you want to connect to a custom data source? That is where data access extensions come in. Modify data access extension connector starter projects to pull in finance using application programming interfaces that can manually import data.
BA275:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Experience Innovation for Real-Time Analytics with SAP S/4HANA:With SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA, new concepts for real-time analytical scenarios were introducedcolon SAP HANA Live. See how, with SAP S/4HANA, new concepts are introduced using the same concepts on a different architecture to enhance the value proposition. This session compares the approach, technical set-up, and possible use cases and allows the participants to evaluate how to position, use, and migrate into the latest innovations – all with SAP S/4HANA.
BA300:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Self-Service Reporting Using SAP BusinessObjects Reporting Tools:The self-service approach lets end users create personalized reports and analytical queries without IT involvement, benefiting both business and IT groups. In this session, we discusscolon the implementation experience of self-service data models using SAP HANA and SAP BusinessObjects reporting toolsets, increased ROI on data investments, SAP HANA smart access, when to use SAP Lumira vs SAP BusinessObjects Explorer vs SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence, and security architecture on self-services.
BA360:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Build Your Own Apps More Easily Using Web Intelligence Extensions:Adapt a Web intelligence interface to your own needs and enable your power users with new business scenarios to give them more autonomy. Learn how to simplify Web intelligence interfaces. Provide new customized functionalities to your business users. Find out what new features are coming and how to add new visualizations.
BA800:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP BusinessObjects Analysis Office and SAP EPM Add-In:After unifying the backend planning engines (SAP Business Warehouse, SAP Integrated Business Planning, and SAP Business Planning and Consolidation) into the embedded model, SAP is planning to converge the clients in Microsoft Office to offer a single product for BI and planning. Learn what the unified Excel experience looks like, how SAP ensures that all your current investments are protected, and hear about the future plans for this client.
BA801:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence Platform:Wondering what the future holds for the SAP BusinessObjects BI 4 platform? Learn how SAP is continuing to grow this core product line and its flagship reporting products, SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence and SAP Crystal Reports. Get an overview of the capabilities that are planned in SAP BusinessObjects BI 4.2 and specifics about SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence optimized SAP HANA access, parallel queries, commentary, and top customer requirements.
BA802:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP BusinessObjects Mobile:Join us for an exclusive introduction and Q&A to our mobile BI strategy and road map. Bring your business cases and questions and we will be happy to address them.
BA803:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence:Join us for an exclusive introduction and Q&A to our SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence strategy and road map. Bring your business cases and questions and we will be happy to address them.
BA804:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Solutions for Enterprise Performance Management:This session covers all the updated product road maps across SAP solutions for enterprise performance management. Learn about the strategic directions and latest development plans for each individual productcolon SAP Business Planning and Consolidation, SAP Cloud for Planning, SAP Financial Consolidation, and more.
BA805:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Lumira:Join us for an exclusive introduction and Q&A to our SAP Lumira strategy and road map. Bring your business cases and questions and we will be happy to address them.
BA806:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Predictive Analytics:Join us for an exclusive introduction and Q&A to our SAP Predictive Analytics strategy and road map. Bring your business cases and questions and we will be happy to address them.
BA807:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence Suite:Join us for an exclusive introduction and Q&A on our SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence suite (platform and clients) strategy and road map. Ask questions and bring your business cases to the table and we can address them.
BA808:Business Analyticscolon Planning, Business Intelligence, and Predictive:Road Map Q&Acolon The Cloud and SAP Lumira Software:Get an exclusive introduction on our cloud-based strategy for SAP Lumira software and a Q&A session on the related road map. Bring your business cases and questions and we can address them.
DEV100:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Overview of SAP’s Development Platform for SAP HANA and SAP Cloud:SAP's development platform rapidly transforms into an environment for Big Data, cloud, and mobile development. As a consequence, many SAP development tools offer a cloud-first approach with flexible deployment options. This session provides an overview of development capabilities in ABAP 7.4 and 7.5, native development with the SAP HANA platform, and using SAP HANA Cloud Platform to develop on-premise, cloud, and hybrid applications with the SAP technology platform.
DEV101:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Extending SAP Business Suite and SAP S/4HANA with SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Do you want to extend the reach of your SAP Business Suite applications to new and mobile users? Do you want to productize new B2E, B2B, or B2C scenarios? Depending on your preferences, you have different options. Get an overview in this session of how to achieve these objectives with technologies delivered with the upcoming releases of the SAP NetWeaver technology platform, as well as how to get them done using SAP HANA Cloud Platform without major modifications to your installed base.
DEV102:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:SAP HANA Cloud Platformcolon A Guided Tour:This session provides a guided tour of SAP HANA Cloud Platform for people new to the topic. We explain the various usage scenarios like on-premise and cloud extensions, new line-of-business solutions powered by SAP HANA, and the Internet of Things. We then elaborate on the value proposition of cloud platforms (business agility, layered pace of innovation, time to market, and more). We wrap up with an overview of the platform services and capabilities and how to get started.
DEV103:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Migrating from the Repository to Deployment Infrastructure for SAP HANA:The deployment infrastructure is a service layer on top of the SAP HANA database that simplifies deployment of database artifacts. In support package stack 11, the deployment infrastructure is planned to replace the current repository for SAP HANA. Come and see the features of the deployment infrastructure, how design-time objects will now be managed in GIT, and how to migrate your content from the current repository to the deployment infrastructure and convert to the container concept.
DEV104:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:What's New in SAP HANA Extended Application Services:With Support Package Stack 11 for the SAP HANA platform, some major additions to SAP HANA extended application services are planned. On the JavaScript side, we plan to add Google V8 and full support for Node.js. We also plan to add a standard Java runtime (TomEE). In addition, the XSODATA framework will switch over to Apache Olingo, bringing both V2 and V4 OData support. In this session we preview many of the new features for SAP HANA extended application services.
DEV105:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Extensibility Framework for SAP S/4HANAcolon An End-to-End Scenario:Customers expect SAP S/4HANA, with cloud and on-premise editions, to offer simple, modification-free extensibility. Explore the end-to-end process, including the technology behind the scenes, as we show the features of the extensibility framework for SAP S/4HANA, such as how to add new fields; make them available in the UI, gateway services, and CDS views; add business logic with the web-based ABAP editor based on the SAP Fiori user experience; and perform sandbox testing and deployment.
DEV106:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:The ABAP Programming Model in SAP S/4HANA:Do you want to learn how the back end for highly standardized, cloud-ready SAP Fiori apps is built in SAP S/4HANA based on the new ABAP programming model? Find out how to combine new and proven technologies like CDS, BOPF, SADL, and SAP Gateway for read-only and transactional applications optimized for the SAP HANA platform and based on OData. The focus of this session is the back end from ABAP, but it also includes a quick look at integration into UI5 client technology..
DEV107:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Cloud Foundry and SAP HANA Cloud Platformcolon A Natural Evolution:SAP plans to integrate the open runtime platform Cloud Foundry, the industry standard for open platform-as-a-service (PaaS), into SAP HANA Cloud Platform. In this session we explore the impact of this evolution, the capabilities that Cloud Foundry adds to the SAP PaaS (such as multi-runtime support and community services) and a preliminary road map.
DEV108:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Extending SAP Cloud for Customer with SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Join this session to learn how to extend the SAP Cloud for Customer solution with SAP HANA Cloud Platform. We focus on creating extensions beyond the scope of \"in-app\" adaptations with key user tools or SAP Cloud Applications Studio (SDK). The session provides an overview on SAP HANA Cloud Platform (e.g. SAP Web IDE) and recommendations for integration scenarios, from using prebuilt extensions such as \"Support Site\" and \"Partner Portal\" to developing your own custom extension app.
DEV109:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Extending Cloud Solutions from SAP Using SAP HANA Cloud Platform:The SAP Cloud portfolio has rapidly expanded in recent years and now includes the Ariba Business Network, SuccessFactors and Concur solutions, the SAP Business One application, and the SAP Anywhere and SAP Cloud for Customer solutions, among many others. By using SAP HANA Cloud Platform, customers can build extension modules for all these cloud products using open data access APIs, while partners can create generic extensions, certify them with SAP, and publish them to the cloud for customers.
DEV110:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Get Your Team into Git for Custom SAP Fiori Development:Git is the new transport management system when writing custom SAP Fiori apps. It is a totally different paradigm to traditional transport management. Come and learn the basics of Git, how to use it with your development team and how to deploy easily to production.
DEV111:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:DevOps for SAP Hybrid Developments:DevOps is gaining traction. This session covers the applicability and adherence of DevOps practices in the new age SAP custom development and extensions, be it on-prem, hybrid or cloud and innovations around them through client case studies, futuristic proof of technologies, and more.
DEV112:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:SAP HANA Extended Application Services Native Developmentcolon Lockheed Martin:Learn from Lockheed Martin's initial experience developing a native SAPUI5 application as opposed to traditional SAP development options. Explore the trials experienced in development due to the lack of training and how they were overcome. Discover concepts used to accomplish the goal and specific key concepts about native application development.
DEV113:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Happy Stakeholders and Reality of SAP Fiori-Like SAPUI5 and SAP Gateway:Learn the experiences of taking a non-traditional approach to solving user engagement issues through dedicated role-based SAPUI5 and SAP Gateway apps and how it really does delight end-users. The hard bits are highlighted but we show overall that it does not take significant effort to achieve. Topics discussed are user-engagement, getting the launchpad and SAPUI5 up and running in an existing landscape, SAP Web IDE, upskilling, and the varying journeys undertaken for a few different projects.
DEV114:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Get Started with SAP HANA Cloud Platform:SAP HANA Cloud Platform is an in-memory cloud platform based on open standards. It provides development environment in the cloud, enabling customers and partners to rapidly build, deploy, and manage cloud-based enterprise applications that complement and extend your SAP or non-SAP solutions, either on-premise or on-demand. This session helps attendees with the information on how to create a developer account and explores the development tools and services for different scenarios.
DEV115:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:SAP Web IDE Templatescolon Jumpstart Custom Development of SAP Fiori-Like Apps:Hear Graybar's experiences using SAP Web IDE templates. Details of the various use cases explored by Graybar and how they visualize SAP Web IDE templates as a way to jump-start development and the future role they play in cloud and mobile.
DEV116:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Developing Cloud Applications Using Microservices Architecture:The loyalty option of the new SAP hybris Marketing solution is based on microservices architecture and Cloud Foundry. It extends the SAP hybris Commerce solution to help retailers run loyalty programs to engage customers, deliver personalized promotions, and increase sales. Learn how easy it has been for us to build business functionality, a rule engine, a job scheduler, integration with hybris and SAP systems, and a responsive UI using microservices on top of SAP HANA Cloud Platform.
DEV117:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:The Data Hub Add-On – Data Integration for SAP hybris Commerce:The SAP hybris Commerce data hub add-on is the standard choice for integrating data to and from the SAP hybris Commerce solution. Built on open source technologies, the data hub is a powerful framework for managing complex fragmented data from many different systems.  It is the framework behind the asynchronous integration with the SAP ERP application, among others.  Its high degree of extensibility through configuration and code allows developers to build upon the supplied feature set.
DEV118:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:SAP hybris Commerce Solution Architecture:Get an overview of the architecture of the SAP hybris Commerce solution. Learn from the lead architects about its components and their underlying technologies and extension principles, as well as how they integrate with other SAP and third-party systems.
DEV127:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Technology Strategy and Road Map for LoB Customer Engagement and Commerce:This session explains how the existing products in commerce, marketing, sales, and service will evolve to support context-rich, consistent, and relevant customer journeys seamlessly. It also explains the new approach to building an open and vibrant ecosystem based on cutting-edge technology and a cloud-based delivery model which enables speed and innovation for SAP’s customers in these transformational times.
DEV128:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:GENBANDcolon Achieve Superior Customer Experience with SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Find out how to use a cloud platform to improve customer satisfaction, enhance sales and service productivity, and boost data quality. Learn how technology provider GENBAND replaced an older system with a series of integrated SAP solutions using SAP HANA Cloud Platform, resulting in superior customer experience on top of the SAP HANA Cloud Portal.
DEV160:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Encounter Core Data Services with SAP HANA:Core data services (CDS) is the foundation for native applications and data models based on the SAP HANA platform. Designed as an extension to SQL, CDS supports the source-based definition of semantically rich data models and their consumption from any stack. In this hands-on session, develop showcase CDS models and get familiar with advanced features such as user-defined types, associations, and annotations. An overview of the ongoing development of CDS and its road map concludes the session.
DEV161:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Introduction to SQLScript:With the introduction of the SAP HANA platform, developers can now exploit the capabilities of a columnar, in-memory database. To fully leverage the power of SAP HANA, we need to push more of the application processing down into the database. This is done by writing more of the logic in SQL and SQLScript. In this hands-on session, we introduce you to the SQLScript language as well as the tools, including the editors and debuggers, used to create and debug SQLScript stored procedures in SAP HANA.
DEV162:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Introduction to the Node.js Asynchronous Programming Model:Given plans to add Google V8 and Node.js to SAP HANA extended application services (available as part of the SAP HANA platform on premise and in the cloud), developers are eager to explore the extended capabilities of programming JavaScript in Node.js's asynchronous programming model. In this session we use a standalone Node.js installation, not the integrated version in SAP HANA extended application services. We focus on the basics of Node.js, and what you learn will be usable elsewhere.
DEV163:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Code Better with ABAP in Eclipse:In this session you can get your hands dirty with the new Eclipse-based development environment, which every developer using ABAP should know. Learn from SAP experts how to use the brand new features to optimize your development efficiency. Get lots of tips and tricks that you will love in your daily work. The session also includes a short outlook of the next features that are planned.
DEV164:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Send Your Sensor Data to SAP HANA Cloud Platform with IoT Services:In this session, find out how to send sensor data from the single-board computer Raspberry Pi to SAP HANA Cloud Platform, and how the Internet of Things (IoT) services of this great platform support this task. At the end of the session, you have built an end-to-end application using the UI development toolkit for HTML5 (SAPUI5) that displays the sensor information you have sent from your Raspberry Pi and persisted on SAP HANA Cloud Platform.
DEV165:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Extending SAP Cloud Solutions Using SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Would you like to develop, manage, and deliver your application to millions of users and companies in the SAP cloud ecosystem, SuccessFactors solutions, SAP Cloud for Customer, SAP Jam, and more? Please join us and learn how you can innovate, build, and deploy your first extension working with those solutions from scratch.
DEV200:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Core Data Servicescolon Next-Generation Data Definition and Access on SAP HANA:Today in the well-known universe surrounding ABAP, talking about data definition and access implies talking about Open SQL and core data services (CDS). This session shows the latest developments in this area. From the new table functions and other enhancements in CDS to new features in CDS development tools, we give you insight into innovations designed to make developers’ lives easier.
DEV201:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Overview of Development with ABAP for SAP HANA:ABAP 7.4 has become the leading on-premise development platform for the SAP HANA database. This session provides an overview of the major capabilities of ABAP on SAP HANA, such as Open SQL and core data services. The basic programming model and corresponding ABAP development tools for Eclipse are shown. In addition, the session looks ahead to ABAP 7.5 with the common programming model for transactional and analytical applications as a foundation for SAP S/4HANA.
DEV202:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:New Architecture for IoT Cloud Appscolon Solution Approaches and New Challenges:The growing interconnection of machines and devices through the Internet of Things (IoT) offers a significant growth opportunity for SAP and our customers. But do we also need completely new architectures for IoT? What are characteristics of IOT cloud applications from SAP? Which proven solution approaches and technologies can be applied? Join us to explore new challenges that require new answers.
DEV204:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Building an Application on SAP HANA Cloud Platform Using Java and SAPUI5:In this session, we walk through an end-to-end scenario of creating a database on SAP HANA Cloud Platform and making a visual tool to read and update the content. We focus on best practices learned and bits of technology we used such as OData and the Java libraries that we recommend (for example JPA, Olingo). We share how we managed to use the metadata from our API to build a fully dynamic UX and overview on extending standard components to keep the standard behavior but change the rendering.
DEV205:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:SAP Fioricolon Lessons from the Greenhouse:SAP Fiori is new and there is a learning curve. Coming from an ABAP background, there are new paradigms and challenges to come to grips with. Come and hear from someone in the trenches what works and what doesn't in creating a custom SAP Fiori app and the process of getting it to production.
DEV206:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Case Studycolon Customer-Facing Innovation Platform with ABAP for SAP HANA:Learn how a German health insurance company innovates customer-facing processes with ABAP for SAP HANA, and get an end-to-end technological view of their hybrid rapid innovation platform, ranging from on-premise ABAP to SAP HANA Cloud Platform. We discuss the quick wins and the challenges faced.
DEV207:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Moving Your Current Apps to SAP HANA Cloud Platform:This session focuses on providing an end-to-end guide for moving your existing and already developed applications from running on premise to running on top of the SAP HANA Cloud Platform. Both scenarios for SAP HANA studio and SAP Web IDE will be demonstrated.
DEV208:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:How to Deliver a Successful Project for SAP hybris Commerce:hybris is just another enterprise java application, so what could go wrong? Many organizations have experienced java development teams who know how to deliver working code, so what's different about hybris? This session answers these questions and more. Real-world examples help you adopt good practices and avoid the most common pitfalls, from project structure and design considerations through to implementation issues.
DEV209:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Data Hub Extension Workshop for hybris-to-SAP Integration:This workshop outlines best practices, tips, and tricks for a successful enhancement of the standard hybris-to SAP-integration. In this session you will understand how the SAP hybris Commerce data hub add-on is used for master data integration between the SAP ERP application and the SAP hybris Commerce solution. You will learn which tools and principles to use to enhance data integration between SAP hybris Commerce and the SAP back end using the data hub, in both directions.
DEV210:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Beam Suntorycolon Real-Time Hybrid Analytics with SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Beam Suntory uses SAP HANA Cloud Platform to bridge the gap of on-premise (OP) analytics and data legacy infrastructure in a timely manner. This cloud platform serves as a data hub that is integrated with the existing OP infrastructure and can be securely accessed from anywhere. With SAP HANA Cloud Platform, Beam Suntory provides real-time analytics by bringing innovative BI self-service capabilities within a secured hybrid scenario while not disrupting either OP systems or business processes.
DEV260:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Building Applications with ABAP Using Code Pushdown to the Database:Experience the latest techniques available for pushing down code to the SAP HANA database or to databases in general, and learn how to use them in ABAP. Accelerate your applications using expressions, functions, unions, and more in Open SQL, ABAP Dictionary, and SQL for SAP HANA, building on your expertise in relational databases and ABAP.
DEV261:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Say Goodbye to Polling with Real-Time Eventing Using ABAP Channels:With ABAP push channels you can push any back-end data changes from ABAP to your Web UI and vice versa in real time. With ABAP messaging channels your application can be notified about the processing status of other sessions in ABAP without having to poll the database periodically. And finally, using both push and messaging channels you can implement real-time collaboration. Learn how to use ABAP channels in your applications and gain insight into innovating with ABAP for Industry 4.0.
DEV262:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Write Less ABAP Using New Language Features for More Concise Code:This hands-on session complements database- and UI-oriented sessions by introducing the new features of ABAP available with SAP NetWeaver Application Server for ABAP 7.40. Techniques you will learn and apply in exercises includecolon Let the ABAP compiler do boring work for you. Avoid temporary variables when you don't need them. Access table lines and build structured values by expressions, not by sequences of statements. Solve complex aggregation-type or mapping problems with internal tables.
DEV263:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Cloud Securitycolon Using the Security Services in SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Discover new ways to protect your apps running in SAP HANA Cloud Platform, SAP's public platform-as-a-service. In this session, develop a full-featured application using the platform's security services, such as SAML-based single sign-on, SCIM, and the LDAP connector for secure access to an on-premise user store such as Microsoft Active Directory (AD), role- and group-based access control, secure storage of confidential data, and OAuth to protect your application’s REST APIs.
DEV265:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Building an End-to-End App from SAP HANA to SAP Fiori via ABAP:Wantedcolon Developers to use ABAP for building an end-to-end application! In this session, experience the latest ABAP 7.4 features tailored for the SAP HANA platform. Use code-pushdown capabilities like view building using ABAP core data services and database procedures managed by ABAP, and expose the retrieved data using an OData service. Finally, create an SAP Fiori app in SAP Web IDE on the exposed OData service.
DEV266:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Extend the Reach of your SAP Installed Base with SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Learn to extend your SAP installed base to realize new B2E, B2B, and B2C scenarios for mobile users around the globe with SAP HANA Cloud Platform. See how such scenarios can be implemented even if your SAP systems are based on older releases of the SAP NetWeaver technology platform. Discover best practices regarding security, connectivity, authentication, authorization, and performance. Get your hands dirty implementing the full stack, from the SAP back end to the mobile front end.
DEV300:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Architecture Guidelines for Microservices Based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform:This session teaches best practices in cloud application architecture and design based on microservices characteristics. Explore a default architecture template using popular open-source frameworks in conjunction with platform services provided by SAP HANA Cloud Platform. Using an example application, take a close look at particularly important aspects of the source code and discuss pros and cons of various design alternatives. Sample code base runs on both NEO and Cloud Foundry stacks.
DEV301:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Building an End-to-End App from SAP HANA to SAP Fiori via ABAP:Wantedcolon Developers to use ABAP for building an end-to-end application! In this session, experience the latest ABAP 7.4 features tailored for the SAP HANA platform. Use code-pushdown capabilities like view building using ABAP core data services and database procedures managed by ABAP, and expose the retrieved data using an OData service. Finally create an SAP Fiori app in SAP Web IDE on the exposed OData service.
DEV360:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Using Advanced Features of SQLScript:Pushing more of your logic into the database is increasingly important to maximizing performance of your applications. In the SAP HANA database, writing the logic in stored procedures and user-defined functions using the SQLScript language is one way to achieve this. In this hands-on session, we explore some of the more advanced concepts of SQLScript including exception handling, dynamic filtering, arrays, cursors, and autonomous transactions and commit/rollback.
DEV600:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Building SAPUI5 Apps with Offline Capabilities with SAP HANA Cloud Platform:This session showcases and teaches the audience how to build offline capabilities in an SAPUI5 application with SAP HANA Cloud Platform. Key learning points of this session arecolon building mobile apps for the cloud, implementing offline capabilities, and leveraging SAP HANA Cloud Platform.
DEV601:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Exploring Advanced SQLScript Concepts:In this SAP CodeJam (mini edition), we introduce you to several advanced language features of SQLScript and how to leverage them in your applications.
DEV602:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:First Look at Node.js as Part of SAP HANA Extended Application Services:It is planned that with SAP HANA SPS 11, we will add Google V8 JavaScript engine and Node.js programming model. In this SAP CodeJam (mini edition), get hands-on experience with an early preview of this new functionality. Try the full asynchronous programming model of Node.js as well as the synchronous XSJS compatibility mode. Please notecolon this is an early preview and won't represent the final state of the development tools or server integration (but will still be fun).
DEV603:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Getting Started with SQLScript:In this SAP CodeJam (mini edition), we cover how to create stored procedures and user-defined functions in SAP HANA using the SQLScript language.
DEV604:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:ABAP for SAP HANAcolon ABAP-Managed Database Procedures:SAP HANA features procedural coding in the form of database procedures. With the introduction of ABAP-managed database procedures (AMDP), you can now define and consume such database procedures directly within the ABAP environment. Choose between a step-by-step guide to learning the basics of AMDPs, or face a challenge, if you are already familiar with AMDPs.
DEV605:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:ABAP for SAP HANAcolon Code-to-Data Paradigm Using New Open SQL in ABAP:Learn about recent improvements in Open SQL in ABAP in this SAP CodeJam (mini edition). We introduced new features such as SQL functions, literals, case statements, and more. Learn how to apply the new code-to-data paradigm in your own ABAP code, as used by SAP with SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA and the new SAP S/4HANA. Choose between a step-by-step guide to learning the basics of the new syntax and functions, or face a challenge, if you are already familiar with the new Open SQL.
DEV606:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:ABAP for SAP HANAcolon Viewbuilding Using Core Data Services:This SAP CodeJam (mini edition) introduces the CDS view definition capabilities of SAP NetWeaver AS for ABAP 7.4. Learn about the features provided by ABAP CDS like aggregation functions in the object list, JOINs, UNIONs, the view-on-view capabilities, and more. Choose between a step-by-step guide to learning the basics of CDS, or face a challenge, if you are already familiar with CDS.
DEV607:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Build Your First OData Service with SAP Gateway:At the very heart of any SAP Fiori-like app there is an OData service that needs to be developed. In this session, we provide the opportunity to get your hands dirty and try out OData service development using SAP Gateway.
DEV608:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Code Better with ABAP in Eclipse:In this session, get your hands dirty with the new Eclipse-based development environment every ABAP developer should know. Learn from SAP experts how you can use the brand new features to optimize your development efficiency. Get a lot of tips and tricks that you will love in your daily work.
DEV609:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Create Context Aware Applications with SAP HANA Cloud Platform:This SAP CodeJam (mini edition) shows how SAP HANA Cloud Platform and SAP Web IDE can be used as an integration platform for Internet of Things (Iot) scenarios. Learn how to build a context aware application utilizing Bluetooth beacon technology to display location-based information on a mobile device and store the information in the cloud platform. The application is built in JavaScript and SAPUI5 using SAP Web IDE hybrid app toolkit to be executable across multiple mobile device platforms.
DEV610:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Deploy Your First HTML5 App to SAP HANA Cloud Platform with SAP Web IDE:In this SAP CodeJam (mini edition), get an introduction to SAP HANA Cloud Platform and deploy your first HTML5 app to your free developer account using the SAP Web IDE on your browser.
DEV611:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Secure Your HTML5 Apps in SAP HANA Cloud Platform:After a short introduction to the SAP HANA Cloud Platform, you'll learn how you can secure your HTML5 apps with it. At the end of the session, you'll have deployed a secured HTML5 app on your free developer account on the SAP HANA Cloud Platform and understand the security concept that is used.
DEV700:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Analyzing and Optimizing a Slow Query on SAP HANA with the Plan Visualizer:In this Code Review session, we assess a real code example and evaluate what is good or bad coding from a performance perspective. We give an example of how to analyze and optimize a slow query on SAP HANA with the help of the plan visualizer.
DEV701:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:How to Embed Content Consumption into Your Custom Web App:In this Code Review session, examples of both good and bad code are evaluated and reviewed, focusing on how document storage can be implemented in your custom Web app. Attendees see the best approach on how to integrate it with industry standards-based technology using SAP Mobile Documents.
DEV702:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:How to Enable Consumption of Documents in ABAP from the Cloud:In this Code Review session, examples of both good and bad code are evaluated and reviewed, focusing on how document storage can be implemented in ABAP. Attendees see the best approach on how to integrate it with industry standards-based technology using SAP Mobile Documents.
DEV703:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:How to Implement Performance-Optimized CDS Views for OData Consumption:In this Code Review session, we assess a real code example and evaluate what is good or bad coding from a performance perspective. We evaluate how to implement performance-optimized  CDS views for OData consumption.
DEV704:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:How to Optimize ABAP Authorization Checks While Selecting Larger Lists:In this Code Review session, we assess a real code example and evaluate what is good or bad coding from a performance perspective. We evaluate how to optimize ABAP authorization checks while selecting larger lists, for example, lists in SAP Fiori apps.
DEV705:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Optimizing Your OData Service Implementation in SAP Gateway:At the very heart of any SAP Fiori-like app there is an OData service that needs to be developed. In this session, discuss your OData service development with the developers of SAP Gateway.
DEV706:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Performance Considerations in On-Premise Extension Scenarios:In this Code Review session, find out what needs to be looked at when integrating your cloud application with an on-premise ABAP system using JCo or HTTP in SAP HANA Cloud Platform and why this is even more important than in your company network. Learn how to avoid pitfalls, options for improving (initial) performance, as well as possibilities to analyze the performance with traces.
DEV707:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:SAP S/4HANA Extensibility Frameworkcolon Insights to Generated Backend Objects:The Extensibility Framework, which is integrated in SAP S/4HANA, provides a simplified and easy-to-use SAP Fiori application for modification-free extensibility. With that, you can add new fields in SAP S/4HANA objects, publish them in SAP Gateway services, Core Data Services views, forms, e-mail templates or add business logic. In this session, we go through the included backend parts and show what objects are generated or extended with the corresponding coding parts.
DEV708:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:SAP S/4HANA Extensibility Frameworkcolon Simple Extensibility Field Consumption:The Extensibility Framework, which is integrated in SAP S/4HANA, provides a simplified SAP Fiori application for modification-free extensibility. This easy-to-use extensibility application provides a UI-driven approach to extend the SAP S/4HANA persistency and also extends the corresponding SAP Gateway services. This session shows the steps from the extended SAP Gateway service to SAP Fiori UIs with Smart Controls where the extension fields can be added in the runtime by the key user.
DEV800:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP NetWeaver for ABAP:ABAP 7.4 is the widely adopted on-premise development platform for SAP HANA. This session provides an overview of the major ABAP 7.4 features and gives an outlook towards the upcoming ABAP 7.5 version with a common programming model for analytical and transactional applications.
DEV801:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Interactive Forms by Adobe – On Premise and in the Cloud:This session explains how to make the most of print forms and interactive forms using SAP Interactive Forms by Adobe. It includes a special focus on SAP Forms as a Service by Adobe, the hybrid solution where the Adobe Document Services (ADS) runs on SAP HANA Cloud Platform.
DEV802:Development and Extension Platform for SAP HANA and Cloud:Road Map Q&Acolon Internet of Things:This product road map provides an overview of the current capabilities and planned innovations for Internet of Things (IoT). It covers technology aspects (for example, IoT services of SAP HANA Cloud Platform), reference architectures, and products in multiple industries and application areas.
DMM100:Data Management and Modeling:Data Management Strategy for Internet of Things:A complex Internet of Things (IoT) solution requires many different technical building blocks to make it functional. Determining the right components – open source technologies, SAP solutions, or a combination of both – is one of the most important decisions a lead architect must make. This session outlines the key considerations to include in your evaluation when determining which approach is best for your IoT solution.
DMM101:Data Management and Modeling:SAP Adaptive Server Enterprisecolon Cloud Implementation and Important Features:Today's extended enterprise supports complex data distributed across on-premise and cloud environments. The challengecolon bringing together a high volume of disparate information at high speed for Big Data applications that enable business agility and continuity by providing active inights. This session details how SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise and SAP Replication Server make it possible to meet this challenge.
DMM102:Data Management and Modeling:SAP Adaptive Server Enterprisecolon 16 Future Directions:This session highlights the technology and business drivers that are shaping future directions for SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE). Hear about the upcoming SAP ASE releases, get acquainted with the future-directions road map, and focus on some of the key innovations that are expected in future releases.
DMM103:Data Management and Modeling:Architecting Your Enterprise with SAP PowerDesigner:Enterprise architecture provides a single point of understanding to capture, communicate, support, and drive business and technology outcomes throughout an organization. This session describes and demonstrates how you can use SAP PowerDesigner software to achieve effective business, data, application, and technical modeling needed to build a comprehensive enterprise architecture upon which your organization can act upon to meet current and future objectives.
DMM104:Data Management and Modeling:Event Stream Integration and Analysis for SAP HANA and the IoT:This session takes a close look at end-to-end scenarios for collecting and analyzing streams of data from smart devices – known today as things. Learn how to apply a combination of technologies, including SAP HANA smart data streaming, the predictive analysis library in SAP HANA, SAP SQL Anywhere suite, SAP HANA remote data synch, SAP HANA dynamic tiering, and Apache Hadoop, to implement solutions that capture, analyze, and act on the information available from devices – in real time.
DMM105:Data Management and Modeling:Heterogeneous RDBMS Replication to SAP HANA Using SAP Replication Server:A key capability and strength of SAP Replication Server is its ability to move data nonintrusively from heterogeneous transactional sources (including SAP HANA ASE, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, and IBM DB2) to SAP HANA database targets. SAP Replication Server has a proven track record in providing continuous replication in demanding environments that require high performance. This session provides details of real-world problems and the solution case studies delivered by SAP Replication Server.
DMM106:Data Management and Modeling:Introduction to SAP SQL Anywhere:Learn why SAP SQL Anywhere suite provides the ideal database management options for mobile and remote apps running at the edge of your enterprise, where no resources exist for configuring, monitoring, and managing the database. Find out how you can easily synchronize data between SAP SQL Anywhere and your SAP HANA, SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE), SAP IQ, Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, and IBM DB2 databases.
DMM107:Data Management and Modeling:SAP Landscape Transformation Replication Servercolon Real-Time Use Cases:SAP Landscape Transformation Replication Server offers proven replication technology that can be used in a variety of data movement scenarios. This session provides a product overview and explains the various supported scenarios such as data replication into the SAP HANA platform, SAP S4/HANA, SAP Simple Finance (central finance foundation), the SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) application, and non-ABAP targets. In addition, we show some best practices and a system demo.
DMM108:Data Management and Modeling:Using SAP HANA Remote Data Sync to Build Remote Applications:Find out how you can use SAP HANA remote data sync to build custom remote, mobile, and IoT applications. Part of the real-time replication option for SAP HANA, SAP HANA remote data sync enables bidirectional, session-based synchronization for SAP HANA databases. Learn how you can synchronize your SAP HANA data to remote locations, limit the data sent to and received form each site, handle conflict resolution, and ensure security of your data in an end-to-end data synchronization solution.
DMM109:Data Management and Modeling:An Introduction to Enterprise Information Management with SAP HANA:This session explores the information management functionalities built into the SAP HANA platform, including the new features introduced in SAP HANA SPS 10. Gain insight into the major use cases and how the underlying system architecture is built to support them. Discover how powering enterprise information management with SAP HANA can simplify your system landscape and reduce your total cost of ownership.
DMM110:Data Management and Modeling:How to Take Advantage of Data Quality in an SAP and SAP HANA Landscape:SAP Data Quality Management software, version for SAP solutions, is prebuilt for product integration. This enables the native use of its data cleansing, matching, and duplicate detection capabilities from within SAP Business Suite, including versions powered by SAP HANA, to prevent dirty data from entering these systems. This session covers SAP Data Quality Management capabilities for SAP CRM, SAP ERP, and SAP Master Data Governance systems, as well as its embedded capabilities within SAP HANA.
DMM111:Data Management and Modeling:Using SAP HANA Platform-Based Analytics to Optimize Master Data Governance:See how to optimize SAP Master Data Governance application processes with SAP HANA platform-based analytics that provide personalized insights, enabling real-time analysis of process KPIs. Readily accessible information permits identification of deviations and the triggering of immediate follow-up actions. Learn how SAP Master Data Governance release 8.0 enhances analytics by linking change request data to additional data such as master data attributes, change documents, or workflow information.
DMM112:Data Management and Modeling:SAP Information Steward Overviewcolon Keep Poor Data Quality from Impacting You:Get an overview of release 4.2 of SAP Information Steward software that supports data quality by providing a single environment for discovering, defining, assessing, and monitoring enterprise data assets. By increasing the trustworthiness of your data, SAP Information Steward helps business users and IT collaboratively control and gain insight into data quality, which is a key factor to success in increasing business process efficiency and boosting confidence in business decision making.
DMM113:Data Management and Modeling:SAP Master Data Governancecolon Beyond Central Governance:Find out how release 8.0 of SAP Master Data Governance software has expanded beyond central governance of master data by allowing decentralized ownership and consolidation of master data, supporting many new use cases for either capability or a combination of the two. Learn about other new features, especially how consolidation uses SAP HANA platform services and about enhanced hierarchy management, extended SAP HANA platform-based analytics, additional SAP Fiori UX interfaces, and more.
DMM114:Data Management and Modeling:The Future of Big Data with OLAP-Style Hadoop:Two years after introducing the integration of Apache Hadoop into the SAP HANA platform, SAP is delivering a completely new experience for solving the day-to-day challenges of Hadoop by enabling OLAP-style enterprise analytics and interactive SQL for Hadoop data. Learn about the latest project that uses data lakes to provide much-needed integration for corporate data. Hear about its key features and how it offers a simple yet powerful platform that takes the complexity out of Hadoop and Spark.
DMM115:Data Management and Modeling:Getting Started with SAP's Data Archiving Software and SAP ILM:Attend this session to learn how to get an SAP data archiving project started. Learn why your company should be archiving and hear some archiving best practices.  You will also learn about how SAP Information Lifecycle Management (SAP ILM) can help with managing your data from creation to destruction.
DMM116:Data Management and Modeling:Leverage SAP Information Steward Metapedia & MetaData Manager for Standards:Review the use of SAP Information Steward Metapedia and MetaData Manager to provide a transparent source for both the end users and the technology teams for data standards to manage data maintenance activities for the SAP ERP Central Component (SAP ECC) material master data object.
DMM117:Data Management and Modeling:Operational and Analytical Reporting with SAP HANA Data Marts:Discover how Border States Electric used SAP HANA and the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence suite to deliver operational and analytic reporting to all levels of the business. We cover the transfer of data from source systems using ETL tools, modeling of data using SAP HANA Live Views and Custom Data Marts, as well as the delivery of user experience tools from the suite including SAP Lumira. The discussion also includes the security model that supported the delivered solutions.
DMM160:Data Management and Modeling:Hands-On Introduction to Central Governance in SAP Master Data Governance:Gain valuable practical experience with the SAP Master Data Governance application. This hands-on session provides you with the basic concepts of SAP Master Data Governances and lets you experience what you can achieve with the application’s processes for central governance and distribution of master data. (A second hands-on session focusing on decentralized ownership and consolidation of master data with SAP Master Data Governance is also available.)
DMM161:Data Management and Modeling:SAP HANA Multitenant Database Containers:This session takes you on a tour through a multitenant container system. Using either SAP HANA cockpit or SAP HANA studio as a front end, we show you how to raise tenant databases, administer and monitor them, create or import data, backup a tenant, and establish cross-tenant access. You also get your own multitennant system to follow and try out.
DMM162:Data Management and Modeling:Using SAP ASE Cockpit for Database Administration and Monitoring:Learn to use the cockpit for SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE). This guided session starts with the basicscolon launching the cockpit, initial setup, and simplified alerting. Advanced exercises include trying out new features such as the workload analyzer option, database always-on option (for high availability disaster recover), and data store and access management. Complex exercises include SAP Replication Server tooling and integration with SAP DB Control Center. A Q&A ends the session.
DMM163:Data Management and Modeling:Introduction to Data Modeling in SAP HANA:This session is an introduction session on SAP HANA modeling. Participants gain hands-on experience on the basic concepts of modeling SAP HANA Calculation Views using the SAP HANA web IDE-based graphical editors. A specific focus will be given on modeling graphical calculation views for multidimensional reporting.
DMM164:Data Management and Modeling:SAP Landscape Transformation Replication Servercolon Real-Time Data Replication:SAP Landscape Transformation Replication Server is the cornerstone in landscapes requiring real-time data replication – such as landscapes with the SAP HANA platform; the SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) application; or SAP Simple Finance, central finance foundation. This session provides you with details about the new version, the functions, and the road map and gives you hands-on experience for different use cases.
DMM165:Data Management and Modeling:A Primer on Enterprise Information Management with SAP HANA:This session explores the new data integration and data quality features of the SAP HANA platform. Learn about the architecture that supports these features and how they can be used in on-premise, cloud, and hybrid scenarios. Configure data integration scenarios to get data from an external system into SAP HANA, and vice versa, using batch and real time techniques; and design data quality scenarios to improve and enrich person, firm, and address data.
DMM166:Data Management and Modeling:SAP HANA Database and Landscape Administration with SAP DB Control Center:This hands-on session covers the fundamental concepts of the SAP DB Control Center (SAP DCC) system console for database management and monitoring. Learn how to successfully deploy SAP DCC in your corporate environment, from installing to registering multiple SAP HANA or other SAP databases in SAP DCC, as well as how to discover and troubleshoot issues in your landscape of enterprise databases.
DMM167:Data Management and Modeling:Hands-On Introduction to Consolidation in SAP Master Data Governance:A single source of truth for master data is essential. SAP Master Data Governance lets you integrate data from SAP and non-SAP systems or other sources to reach this goal. This hands-on session shows you how to use the application’s standardization, matching, and best-record calculation features to gain a single view of master data, and also how to integrate consolidation with central governance. (A hands-on introduction to central governance with SAP Master Data Governance is also available.)
DMM168:Data Management and Modeling:Unified Modeling in SAP HANAcolon Transform, Improve, and Analyze Data:This session shows how you can use our modeling environment to create, execute, and monitor tasks involving data federation (accessing data for reading and writing outside of the SAP HANA platform), data transformation (modifying data inside or outside of SAP HANA using standard ETL transforms), and data quality (using transforms to improve data quality). Also, find out how you can apply machine learning, predictive analytics, and other statistical transforms to achieve in-built analytics
DMM200:Data Management and Modeling:Best Practices for Migrating SAP Business Suite to SAP ASE:This session presents best practices and common problems encountered when migrating SAP Business Suite applications from other DBMS's to SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE). Topics include sizing, best practices for data and index compression, common issues, and debugging tips. We also cover product features that can be used in larger environments, such as integrated DR capabilities; SAP ASE as a path to the SAP HANA platform; and enhancements for SAP Business Warehouse in release 16 SP01.
DMM201:Data Management and Modeling:Building XOLTP Applications Using SAP ASE In-Memory Technology:Exploding transaction rates have made the development of extreme OLTP (XOLTP) applications a growing need. Learn how some of the innovative, new in-memory processing features that SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE) offers can help you meet the need. These include compiled queries, transaction memory, data row caching with multiversion concurrency control (MVCC), and buffer cache extension – all enabling SAP ASE to deliver significant value in a high-throughput, low-latency environment.
DMM202:Data Management and Modeling:SAP HANA Accelerator for SAP ASE:Most SAP customers who use SAP Replication Server use it to create an SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE) reporting instance. New features in SAP ASE and SAP HANA allow SAP HANA to act as a report accelerator for SAP ASE OLTP instances, complete with SAP ASE Transact-SQL push-down – meaning that stored procedures in SAP ASE can execute against data residing in SAP HANA tables, achieving significant turn-around time on reporting. This session offers lecture and demos on the subject.
DMM203:Data Management and Modeling:SAP HANA Troubleshooting:This session describes the troubleshooting tools available for the SAP HANA platform. Learn about the latest features of the tools and how to use them, and see how a systematic search for the source of a problem might be performed.
DMM204:Data Management and Modeling:Virtualization and Multitenancy for SAP HANA:This session provides an overview of the hypervisors supported for operating the SAP HANA platform within a virtualized environment and compares this technology with that of multitenant database container technology newly introduced in SPS 09 for SAP HANA. Become better equipped to determine which technology to use, based on your particular scenario and data center requirements.
DMM205:Data Management and Modeling:Workload Management for SAP HANA:In a typical operating environment, the SAP HANA platform handles many concurrent users running different applications and producing a heterogeneous workload in the database. This session provides an overview of the workload management feature for SAP HANA, including the various options for controlling resource consumption and prioritizing workload to avoid critical resource situations. It also provides you with some insights into SAP HANA resource handling and statement execution.
DMM206:Data Management and Modeling:Supercharging SAP IQ with MapR-FS; Exploring the SAP IQ Scalabilty Road Map:SAP Mobile Services and MapR Technologies have partnered to test the performance of the SAP IQ columnar analytics database running on top of the MapR file system (MapR-FS). This paring has resulted in impressive SAP IQ database I/O performance, with near-linear scalability. In this session, we describe the solution architecture, test results, and benefits of choosing MapR-FS as the underlying storage technology for the SAP IQ database. We also discuss the scalability road map for SAP IQ.
DMM207:Data Management and Modeling:Technical Overview of SAP ASE, Release 16 SP02:The next major release of SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE) is packed with features, including significant in-memory technology enhancements for performance and scalability, workload capture, heat map analysis for storage optimization, automation of high availability disaster recovery (HADR), and integration with the SAP HANA platform. This session covers the key features in SAP ASE release 16 SP02 and how customers can leverage this functionality.
DMM208:Data Management and Modeling:New and Best Practices for Data Modeling with SAP HANA:This lecture provides an overview and guidance, from a best-practices perspective, about approaches to modeling on the SAP HANA platform, with specific focus on modeling calculation vews in SAP HANA. Additional information about alternative approaches as well as indications of future directions for modeling in SAP HANA are also provided.
DMM209:Data Management and Modeling:Architecting for the Internet of Things:Driving business transformation to take advantage of the Internet of Things (IoT) needs to first start with a plan. But, more importantly, that plan must be able to simplify and drive an implementation. This session explores the value enterprise architecture brings to drive simplicity and understanding to execute next-generation processes, applications, and information systems and how to use SAP PowerDesigner to architect for the Internet of Things.
DMM210:Data Management and Modeling:Handling Unstructured Data in SAP HANA:This session covers details on how to store, index, analyze, mine, and retrieve natural-language content in an SAP HANA database. This includes configuring full-text indexes, using text analysis and text-mining capabilities, creating search models, performing full-text searches with SQL, and building search user interfaces.
DMM211:Data Management and Modeling:Data Movement Strategies for Provisioning on the SAP HANA Platform:Running your business on SAP HANA means integrating with an enterprise worth of data. Enterprise data comes from transactional systems, the Internet of Things, data streams from sensors or trading systems, and business applications from SAP. Hear an overview of the many SAP solutions for provisioning data into SAP HANA.
DMM212:Data Management and Modeling:Data Management for SAP Business Suite and SAP S/4HANA:Explore the data management strategy supporting the various deployment options for SAP Business Suite and SAP S/4HANA. Learn about data aging as a solution for optimizing the data footprint of new applications based on the SAP HANA platform, such as SAP Simple Finance available with SAP S/4HANA. Learn how standard data archiving and SAP Information Lifecycle Management support the overall data management strategy. Explore the new features developed and get a road map for this session’s topics.
DMM213:Data Management and Modeling:SAP S/4HANA Data Migration Deep Divecolon The Right Path to Simple:SAP S/4HANA allows customers to run simple with the easiest, most beautiful, most performant SAP applications ever. But the only way to get the most out of your SAP S/4HANA implementation is to start with clean, valid, trusted, and business-ready data. The only way to do that is to follow a best practices approach to data migration. In this session, we take a deep dive into data migration technologies and tips to make your SAP S/4HANA go-live a success.
DMM214:Data Management and Modeling:What's New in SAP Data Services?:SAP Data Services software has rapid release cycles, with new functionality being added several times a year through rich support packs. This session provides an update on the 2015 releases, including the functionality available today (with SAP Data Services 4.2 SP5) and the functionality that’s coming next (in SAP Data Services 4.2 SP6). In this session, we also explain the relationship of SAP Data Services to enterprise information management and cloud integration tools for SAP HANA.
DMM215:Data Management and Modeling:SAP BW 7.4 Powered by SAP HANAcolon Feature Tour and Road Map:This session gives you a tour of the latest improvements available for the SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) application – the sound solution for enterprise data warehousing from SAP. Hear how the latest feature pack offers even more options for optimizing data warehouseing with SAP HANA as well as for simplifying data modeling and provisioning.
DMM216:Data Management and Modeling:ASUG Influence Councilcolon Enterprise Information Management:SAP's enterprise information management (EIM) portfolio covers a broad range of products delivering capabilities across the whole EIM space. ASUG has seen broad adoption across these capabilities from its customers and would like to use this base to drive product innovation. This session is meant for potential new members as well as to get face-to-face time with existing members.
DMM218:Data Management and Modeling:Open Sesamecolon How Lockheed Paved the Way to Enterprise Procurement Analytics:Lockheed Martin’s SAP-based enterprise procurement system utilizes SAP HANA to support the self-service request of its diverse business areas and users. It services 6K internal and 50K external users and has a treasure trove of data available. This project leverages SAP HANA to expose SAP Business Warehouse and other data, enabling real-time driven decisions. This new capability is expected to reduce business and IT costs and reporting cycle time due to an agile open data methodology.
DMM219:Data Management and Modeling:Lessons Learnedcolon Custom Data Mart Development on SAP HANA at General Mills:General Mills implemented a custom data mart on Enterprise SAP HANA. After going live, we discovered issues with query speed, memory usage, and support for concurrent users. Come learn from our mistakes – see what NOT to do, and learn about our journey to improve query speed, memory usage, and concurrency through modeling changes (attribute, analytic, and calculation views) and monitoring expensive statements to tune the worst offenders.
DMM220:Data Management and Modeling:ASUG Influence Councilcolon Enterprise Data Warehouse:This session delivers the latest updates for the ASUG Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) Influence Council. The council meets monthly and works directly with SAP on EDW initiatives, including the SAP Business Warehouse application, SAP Business Warehouse Accelerator software, and the SAP HANA platform.
DMM221:Data Management and Modeling:Smart Data Accesscolon External Data, Agile Development, Easy Analytics:SAP HANA smart data access provides a non-disruptive intelligent architecture to provision enterprise-wide data from heterogeneous systems such as Hadoop, Teradata, SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise, and SAP IQ. This session shows how to combine data from these systems in SAP Business Warehouse 7.4 artifacts and SAP HANA views and report on it via the BI platform.
DMM222:Data Management and Modeling:Providing HADR with Zero Data Loss in SAP ASE Custom Applications:The high availability disaster recovery (HADR) custom application setup for SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE)-to-SAP ASE replication now includes synchronous replication with CI protocol implementation to ensure zero data loss. This feature interoperates with exisiting asynchronous and near-synchronous replication modes, requiring the SAP ASE always-on option for enablement (including planned and unplanned failover / failback).
DMM260:Data Management and Modeling:Big Data with SAP HANA, Including Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark:The SAP HANA platform provides extensive features for managing and working with Big Data. In this session, you get an opportunity to explore cutting edge topics, such as how Apache Spark adds value to SAP application data by unlocking the power of Big Data. You also learn how the latest SPS10 features related to Spark integration deliver data aging with Hadoop. Ultimately, the session gives you an understanding that’s essential to implementing Big Data scenarios in SAP HANA.
DMM261:Data Management and Modeling:Managing Hot and Warm Data with SAP HANA Dynamic Tiering:SAP HANA dynamic tiering, a technology option available for the SAP HANA platform, supports the management of data in different storage tiers by adding functionality for disk-based data storage and data processing to the database. This session shows you how to work with in memory-based and disk-based tables, to move data between the different storage tiers, and to create and optimize information models for use with dynamic tiering.
DMM263:Data Management and Modeling:SAP Hana Smart Data Accesscolon Tuning and Troubleshooting:This session outlines best practices for configuring the SAP HANA smart data access feature on the SAP HANA platform. By explaining how queries involving data stored in SAP HANA and in a remote database are executed by SAP HANA, this session helps you learn how to set smart data access parameters to enable the best possible query performance. The session also addresses troubleshooting difficult scenarios.
DMM264:Data Management and Modeling:Geospatial and Unstructured Data in SAP HANA:This cross-component hands-on session shows you how to combine full text-indexing, text analysis, and spatial processing in order to analyze unstructured content along two important dimensionscolon space and time. The session introduces multiple capabilities of the SAP HANA platform in reasonable depth but focuses on their integrative use.
DMM265:Data Management and Modeling:Model and Develop Predictive Solutions in SAP HANA with PAL and R:Build predictive models and apply them to your data to gain valuable insights from your structured and unstructured data. Learn the end-to-end process for preparing your data, training and evaluating your model, and deploying it in an SAPUI5 application. Use the predictive analysis library (PAL) and text analysis in SAP HANA to gain insights from textual data. Use the application function modeler to easily build flowgraphs to run machine-learning algorithms and generate SQL-stored procedures.
DMM266:Data Management and Modeling:Handling Big Data with SAP Business Warehouse 7.5 and Apache Hadoop:Experience how release 7.5 of SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) powered by SAP HANA supports integration with Apache Hadoop. The session shows how you can combine existing enterprise data in SAP BW with Big Data in Apache Hadoop file systems.
DMM267:Data Management and Modeling:Installing and Configuring SAP IQ for Near-Line Storage for SAP BW:In this hands-on workshop, learn how to install SAP IQ to support near-line storage for SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW). The session includes information on SAP IQ installation, configuration, backup, recovery, cockpit, and monitoring. Gain an understanding of how near-line storage for SAP BW works and the various parameters used to optimize near-line storage configuration. The session also shows how the smart data access feature for SAP HANA can be configured to access near-line storage.
DMM268:Data Management and Modeling:Streamline the Transfer of Data into SAP BW:Experience how the power of SAP Landscape Transformation replication server combines with operational data provisioning (ODP) to transfer delta data in real time into SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW). Learn how to transform and filter data in the source system to reduce data traffic, and benefit from real-time data for your reporting requirements.
DMM300:Data Management and Modeling:Modeling Data Warehouses Based on SAP BW and SAP HANA, Hybrid Architectures:This session introduces new functionality of SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) and SAP HANA for building agile, large-scale data warehouses. Selected examples of hybrid data warehouse architectures illustrate how you can maximize business benefits by combining modeling options available for SAP BW and SAP HANA. The session concludes with a discussion on how to model modern, data warehouses with SAP BW and SAP HANA in an SAP S/4 HANA context.
DMM301:Data Management and Modeling:SAP BW powered by SAP HANAcolon Hybrid Scenario Implementation Experiences:In recent years the number of modeling options in the area of analytics has increased by the introduction of SAP HANA Modeler and the extension of SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) powered by SAP HANA utilizing novel features. Furthermore, hybrid scenarios which combine the flexibility of SAP HANA Modeling with SAP BW's staging and analytical capabilities have\nbecome popular. This session provides an overview of possible scenarios as well as useful recommendations and experiences.
DMM302:Data Management and Modeling:Influence of SAP HANA on Data Warehouse Architecture:This session provides a sound overview of how the SAP HANA platform has influenced enterprise data warehousing with SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) and the LSA++ ( Layered Scalable Architecture). Get guidelines on architectural simplification and virtualization.
DMM303:Data Management and Modeling:A Toolset for Modeling a Native Enterprise Data Warehouse on SAP HANA:This session provides an introduction to the SAP HANA data warehousing foundation option. This option provides various tools, such as a data distributon optimizer and a data lifecycle manager, for implementing enterprise data warehousing functionality on the native SAP HANA platform.
DMM360:Data Management and Modeling:Advanced Data Modeling in SAP HANA:This session provides hands-on experience in, and current best practices for, using the advanced data modeling features of the SAP HANA platform, with emphasis on calculation views and modeling puzzling scenarios. In addition, we teach you not only how to exploit SAP HANA for optimal performance but how to gain insights into query execution.
DMM361:Data Management and Modeling:Eclipse-Based Modeling in SAP BW Powered by SAP HANA:In this hands-on session, you can experience the new eclipse-based modeling with SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) 7.5 powered by SAP HANA. Create an end-to-end scenario using all new objects with SAP BW 7.5, such as (advanced) Data Store Objects, CompositeProvider or Query in an innovative new way in the BW Modelling Tools in Eclipse.
DMM700:Data Management and Modeling:Accessing Current and Historical Data in SAP S/4HANA On Premise:Data aging enables the separation of data into current and historical for the purpose of data management in SAP HANA. In this session, the participants get a chance to explore how to access current and historical data in an SAP S/4HANA on-premise system. The various use cases will be explored with the corresponding code lines.
DMM800:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Data Services:Learn about plans for SAP Data Services enhancements and new features including data access, movement, improvement, and the quality of data assets – regardless of data type, source, or target. We discuss our release strategy, with multiple content-rich releases per year, and our planned features in areas like simplification, big data, and enterprise support.
DMM801:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP ASE Road Map and Future Directions:This session highlights the technology and business drivers which are shaping the future direction of SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE). We discuss the upcoming SAP ASE releases, the road map directions, and focus on some of the key innovations which are expected.
DMM802:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP IQ Future Directions:In this Q&A and road map session, learn about what SAP has planned for SAP IQ, new features, and exciting new roles in temperature sensitive data management for big data applications. SAP is leading the pack in mobility, analytics, applications, and real-time data processing. Please join us for this informative learning session, to keep abreast of the latest developments with SAP IQ at one of the world's largest and most exciting technology companies.
DMM803:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Replication Server:SAP Replication Server is a  real-time transactional data movement product that moves and synchronizes data across the enterprise to meet demanding requirements without geographical distance limitations. This road map session covers product features and capabilities today, and shares details of planned innovations in the next 18 months as well as the strategic future direction beyond.
DMM804:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP PowerDesigner Future Directions:This session covers SAP's current state and future direction for architecture and modeling tools. Learn about trends in the industry around enterprise, business, and data architecture, and how SAP supports these today and its plans moving forward. The session includes both the short-term and long-term direction of SAP PowerDesigner and previews what is to come in future releases.
DMM805:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Event Stream Processor:This SAP Event Stream Processor (SAP ESP) road map and Q&A describes the planned and future directions of SAP ESP product.
DMM806:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Landscape Transformation Replication Server:SAP Landscape Transformation is the proven real-time replication technology into SAP HANA and SAP S/4HANA. It also supports real-time and Change Data Capturing (CDC) scenarios for SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) and Central Finance. The future direction is to act as the main middleware for data replication into various targets and to offer an alternative for extracting data for complex objects into your EDW.
DMM807:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP’s Strategy for Enterprise Master Data Management:Learn about the vision and road map defining how SAP’s solutions for enterprise master data management will provide support for business process efficiency, trusted business analytics, and emerging needs stemming from Big Data challenges, business networks, cloud deployments, and digital workforce enablement. Understand the strategic direction for SAP Master Data Governance and get a preview of planned innovations.
DMM808:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map and Q&Acolon SAP Business Warehouse on SAP HANA:SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) powered by SAP HANA continues to be a cornerstone of the SAP strategy for enterprise data warehousing (EDW). Get an overview of the latest (7.40) release of SAP BW on SAP HANA, the upcoming (7.50) release, and our future EDW road map. The SAP BW on SAP HANA 7.50 release will feature next-generation EDW functionality, including a totally renovated tool set for BW development, modeling, and administration, as well as a mode for using only SAP HANA-optimized objects.
DMM809:Data Management and Modeling:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP HANA Big Data Overview and Road Map:Digital transformation has enabled companies to monitor newer data signals like sensor data, social, and more, and with this there is a need to store petabytes of data and process them in order to separate out the signal from the noise. Learn how the combination of SAP HANA, Hadoop, and Apache Spark provides a scalable platform to address the Big Data challenges and deliver on the data-driven promise to stay ahead of their competition. This session also covers the road map topics for Big Data areas.
INT100:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Integration and Orchestrationcolon Overview and Outlook:This session focuses on SAP Process Orchestration, SAP Gateway, SAP API Management, SAP HANA Cloud Integration, and SAP Operational Process Intelligence powered by SAP HANA. Hear how these offerings come together to provide a holistic solution that address your integration and orchestration needs.
INT101:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:What is new in SAP Process Orchestration:SAP Process Orchestration is integrated and on-premise technology that enables you to design, model, implement, run, and monitor business processes and securely exchange information across distributed applications. This session provides an overview of the latest capabilities, including integration in the context of processes as well as SAP Business Process Management, SAP API Management, and SAP Gateway.
INT102:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Process Intelligence for SAP Business Suite and SAP S/4HANA:SAP Operational Process Intelligence powered by SAP HANA enables process participants and lines of business managers to drive the execution of their operational business processes. Learn how you can help them increase process visibility by defining goals, milestones, and KPIs while measuring and driving the process accordingly.
INT103:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Apply REST with SAP API Management:Learn how SAP API Management technology enables simplified provisioning of secure and scalable APIs. Give third-party, independent developers a simpler way of integrating SAP applications. Support out-of-the-box integration of SAP Gateway, SAP HANA, and SAP Process Orchestration technology for a simple, complete API development experience.
INT104:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:OData Service Deployment Options for On-Premise, Mobile and Cloud Scenarios:This session gives an overview of current and future OData integration and provisioning capabilities in a variety of SAP software, such as SAP Process Orchestration, SAP HANA Cloud Integration, and SAP Gateway technology as well as SAP Mobile Platform. Throughout the discussion, you will learn how these offerings are positioned and best used to power new UIs.
INT105:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Intel Case Studycolon Enable Your Business with SAP Gateway:Empower your workforce by moving critical and real-time data, from a back end consisting SAP solutions, to any mobile device. Gain insight into how Intel uses a lightweight API architecture based on REST and OData to operate more effectively. See how SAP Gateway technology delivers secure mobile apps that run on any device.
INT106:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Simplify Workflow for My Inbox in SAP Fiori:Learn how the My Inbox app provided by SAP Fiori can help you orchestrate work items and tasks from various sources such as SAP Business Process Management software, the SAP Business Workflow tool, among others using SAP Gateway technology and the task consumption model.
INT107:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Best Practices for Integrating SAP Cloud for Customer:As hybrid cloud deployments become the norm, integration is critical for success of the cloud applications. This session focuses on best practices for integrating the SAP Cloud for Customer solution with SAP and third-party applications. Learn about different prepackaged integrations, known as iFlows, provided by SAP; integration technology options such as SAP HANA Cloud Integration; and customer use cases.
INT110:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Secure Integration to the Cloudcolon Connecting Cloud and On-Prem Applications:We are SAP customers, and as most big companies, we most likely already have all our business solutions as on-premise applications. But the cloud is out there, providing solutions with great advantages that we can leverage, so the question iscolon How do we integrate our applications in a secure way? Connections, interfaces, authorizations, and encryption are just some of the topics that we cover, including SAP products that can help you along this path, such as SAP HANA Cloud Integration.
INT111:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:SAP Best Practice Integration with SAP Process Orchestration and Others:Everybody asks for a best practice on integration projects. But does it really exist? In this session, we walk through the different guidelines that exist. This session covers successful integration set-ups. The following topics will be coveredcolon adapter development, custom development to support functions, naming conventions, integration patterns, and multiplatform strategies. Also, what are the organization changes and set-up that make the most impact in the process.
INT112:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:How Bentley Systems Integrated its On-Premise SAP Solutions with the Cloud:The new business reality is that employees and partners expect the same seamless user experience that consumers enjoy. Bentley Systems recognized that the cloud could help them meet this need. Instead of embarking on a risky and expensive rip and replace approach, they followed a hybrid approach to ensure a smooth transition for its SAP environment. Learn how they enable a more collaborative relationship with its partners and a more effective management of its sales and marketing activities.
INT160:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Build and Run a Simple Business Process End to End with SAP BPM:This hands-on session introduces SAP Business Process Management (SAP BPM) software through modeling and running a simple business process end to end. Learn how easy it is to model a business process and how quickly you can execute it. At the same time, see how you can draw on state-of-the-art UI technologies such as SAP UI5 and OData APIs.
INT200:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Cloud Integrationcolon An Update on Our Strategy:Integration is a top concern for companies embarking on their cloud journey. In fact, many organizations have invested years and money to connect their on-premises landscapes. They expect continuity and nondisruption as they anticipate and adopt cloud innovation from SAP. This session outlines our strategy for cloud integration and provides a current status of our cloud integration portfolio with a focus on SAP HANA Cloud Integration technology.
INT201:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:How to Deal with Integration and Orchestration Aspects of IoT Scenarios:Integration plays a major role in scenarios related to the Internet of Things (IoT). Explore data collection from devices, modeling of individual rules for data analysis, and integration between cloud and on-premise solutions. Learn about the various aspects of integration and orchestration solutions from SAP. This presentation highlights individual capabilities and gives recommendations for their use. Discover typical IoT scenarios, such as vehicle analytics and smart process applications.
INT202:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Deployment Flexibility and Content Reuse:SAP simplifies the integration of hybrid landscapes with common integration technology across different domains and platforms. This common integration technology is embedded into SAP HANA Cloud Integration and SAP Process Orchestration technology, as well as SAP Mobile Platform. This session walks you through an end-to-end demo explaining how cloud integration content can be used in both SAP Process Orchestration and SAP HANA Cloud Integration.
INT203:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Integration Architectures for Hybrid System Landscapes:As cloud, mobile, and the Internet of Things are added to system landscapes, the scope of integration constantly increases. This session presents a methodology that helps enterprise and integration architects to shape their integration strategy. Explore various integration patterns that can help your organization define its integration guidelines.
INT204:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Run Your B2B Integration Business Better:This lecture session gives an overview of cloud and on-premise solutions from SAP. Explore how you can use them for all daily B2B integration requirements, enabling quick development and onboarding. Gain insights into the current and future B2B capabilities of SAP HANA Cloud Integration and SAP Process Orchestration technology. Explore your best options for building B2B connections between other cloud-based or on-premise solutions.
INT205:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Simplify Your B2B Integration with the Integration Advisor Tool:B2B integration projects are typically exhausting, error-prone, and cost-intensive. Business-domain experts must write message and mapping guidelines and help ensure business partners agree with them. Based on the results, integration experts conduct the implementation in runtime. The integration advisor tool, based on SAP HANA Cloud Integration technology, simplifies the entire flow of B2B integration projects. With the intelligence of this tool, experts can execute B2B integration projects fas
INT207:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Basic Concepts of SAP Workflow Development:In this session, we discuss the principal components of the SAP Workflow engine and show how they work together to create a working workflow process. We will introduce the workflow object concept, tasks, and templates and introduce critical techniques, such as event management, agent assignment, and loops and conditions in the workflow builder. All concepts will be explained based on a real-life example. At the end of the session, we will have a running workflow in the system.
INT208:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Enabling Shadow IT with SAP Gateway:International Game Technology (IGT) has utilized SAP Gateway as the go-to integration point for securely accessing SAP ERP data over Web and mobile interfaces. Attend this session to learn about how IGT released an API for posting timesheets into SAP and allowed non-IT developers to develop applications that use that API in a secure manner.
INT209:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:How ICBC Effectively Uses SAP Process Integration with Another ESB:The Insurance Corporation of British Columbia (ICBC) has an Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) platform to manage its integrations. But given the large SAP footprint, it makes sense to also leverage SAP Process Integration for any integration to SAP. In this session, we discover why it makes sense to use SAP Process Integrations as the ESB as well as cover some tips and tricks in its use.
INT210:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Moving to SAP Process Orchestration B2B Add-On:Learn how Woodgrain Millwork is migrating from legacy EDI tools to the new SAP Process Orchestration B2B add-on. Such a migration can promote reduced failure points, consolidated monitoring, robust documentation capability, and tighter integration with your ERP system. Understand why they decided to keep EDI development in house and understand B2B capabilities and needed skill sets to start up a B2B project.
INT260:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Develop an End-to-End Integration Scenario with Technology from SAP:In this session, develop an SAP Fiori-like application end-2-end using the SAP Gateway service builder and SAP Web IDE. As it is done in SAP S/4 HANA, we will let you create an OData service from CDS objects and other datasources. Then generate an SAPUI5-based application using this service. We also show how you can extend service content and operations and how you can debug and optimize the service.
INT261:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Build UIs Based on SAP Fiori to Enable Mobile Access to SAP BPM:This hands-on session offers an opportunity to build mobile task UIs for processes supported by SAP Business Process Management (SAP BPM) software. Start with an implemented process model to develop a mobile task, based on SAP Fiori apps, in SAPUI5. Find out how you can move task information from the back end to the OData API of SAP BPM.
INT262:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Use SAP Process Orchestration for a Recruiting Cloud Integration Scenario:Learn how to use SAP Process Orchestration technology in a cloud integration scenario for recruiting. This hands-on session details the setup of an integration process to automate background checks of job applicants. Explore how integration with SuccessFactors Recruiting Management is executed by using the adapter from SuccessFactors, an SAP company. Find out how this approach allows a third-party provider to carry out background checks by accessing information through services based on REST.
INT263:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Integration and Extension of SuccessFactors Solutions:SAP HANA Cloud Integration is a strategic integration platform from SAP that is provided as a service on SAP HANA Cloud Platform. It offers seamless integration of SAP Cloud applications with other cloud and on-premise solutions. This session details how to build basic integration flows (iFlows) by aggregating data from multiple systems. Walk through the process of building an appealing UI over the aggregated data and automating the end-to-end solution deployment.
INT264:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Connect to Third-Party Cloud Systems with SAP HANA Cloud Integration:There is an explosive growth of cloud applications, and companies have an increasing need to integrate them. This hands-on session shows how to create a new adapter on SAP HANA Cloud Integration. Use a third-party cloud adapter build to design, run, and monitor an integration scenario that connects to non-SAP solutions.
INT265:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Integrate SAP HANA Cloud Integration with Enterprise Integration Patterns:SAP HANA Cloud Integration is SAP's strategic Integration Platform as a Service (IPaaS) offering for the integration of SAP cloud applications with other cloud or on-premise solutions, from both SAP and non-SAP companies. This hands-on session gives you an opportunity to develop new integration flows by applying enterprise integration patterns such as the Splitter, the Content Enricher, or the Content Based Router pattern so that you can use them in your own projects afterwards.
INT267:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Operational Excellence in Procurement with a Smart Process Application:Gain operational excellence in a procurement scenario by building a smart process application with SAP Operational Process Intelligence powered by SAP HANA. Find out how this software helps process participants and lines of business managers drive the execution of their operational business processes. Learn how you can help them increase process visibility by defining goals, milestones, and KPIs while measuring and driving the process accordingly.
INT268:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Process Intelligence on Omni-Channel Order Fulfilment with ERP on HANA:Learn how to gain process intelligence in an omni-channel order fulfilment scenario by using SAP Operational Process Intelligence; an innovative SAP HANA-based solution that enables process participants and lines of business managers to drive the execution of their operational business processes through process visibility by defining their goals, milestones and KPI's, and measuring and driving the process success according to these.
INT269:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:SAP API Managementcolon On Demand and on Premise:Understand and experience SAP API Management. Learn how this technology can be used on demand and on premise to provide simple, scalable, secure, and unified access for APIs based on open standards such as REST, OData, and Outh2. SAP API Management provides enterprise-grade security and seamless connectivity to existing and new applications and platforms. Explore how these capabilities allow you to leverage your IT investments and simplify how developers integrate SAP and non-SAP applications.
INT300:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Tune a Process Orchestration Scenario for High Performance:The SAP Process Orchestration technology handles high-performance scenarios. This lecture offers tips and tricks for tuning your scenario and system to maximize its outcomes.
INT360:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:B2B Add-On Solution for SAP Process Orchestration:This hands-on session covers best practices and instructions for creating and implementing B2B scenarios that include trading partners. Explore SAP Process Orchestration technology and B2B add-ons including trading partner management. Learn how runtime activities of B2B message flows can be effectively monitored.
INT600:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Build Your First SAP Gateway App (OData) with SAP API Management:SAP Gateway and SAP API Management are a natural fit. In this session, learn how to combine the power of SAP Gateway with the power of SAP API Management. Based on a small, hands-on project learn about the features of the two products and how to leverage those features. The focus of the session is on the synergies between the two products and the newly available features.
INT601:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Build Your First Workflow in SAP HANA:In this SAP CodeJam (mini edition) build your very first workflow in SAP HANA using SAP HANA Workflow, a workflow engine that is native to SAP HANA.
INT800:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Process Orchestration:SAP Process Orchestration is the integrated platform offering running on premises which enables you to design, model, implement, run, and monitor business processes and securely exchange information across distributed applications. This session provides an overview of the new capabilities, not limited to process integration, but also in the context of SAP Business Process Management, SAP API Management, and SAP Gateway.
INT801:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP HANA Cloud Integration:SAP HANA Cloud Integration is SAP’s strategic Integration Platform as a Service (IPaaS) for the integration of SAP cloud applications (for example, SAP Cloud for Customer, SuccessFactors, Ariba) with other cloud or on-premise solutions, from both SAP and non-SAP companies. In this session, the road map for SAP HANA Cloud Integration will be presented in detail, including planned new scenarios as well as planned new capabilities.
INT802:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Gateway:This road map session provides an overview of SAP Gateway as well as recently released and planned innovations in 2015 and beyond. Learn how to access data in your SAP systems using Open Data Protocol (OData). We show where we are and where we are heading for provisioning and consumption of OData services and management of APIs in SAP's technologies, on premise, in the cloud, and on the SAP HANA platform.
INT803:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Operational Process Intelligence powered by SAP HANA:SAP Operational Process Intelligence is an innovative SAP HANA-based solution that enables process participants and lines of business managers to drive the execution of their operational business processes through process visibility by defining their goals, milestones, and KPI's, and measuring and driving the process success according to these.
INT804:Cloud Integration, Orchestration, and Intelligent Processes:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP API Management:This road map session provides an overview of SAP API Management (on demand and on premise) as well as recently released and planned innovations in 2015 and beyond. Learn how to simplify the way you go about helping developers interact with their SAP and non-SAP applications in a simple, secure, and scalable way. We show where we are and where we are heading to enable you to transform your digital assets and participate in the SAP API Management economy.
ITM100:IT and Cloud Management:Managing Hybrid Solutionscolon Master the Conjunction of Cloud and On Premise:There are different deployment optionscolon on premise, private cloud, and public cloud. Most customers will utilize a mixture of them. But how do you master their coexistence? This session takes the different deployment options of SAP S/4HANA as examples to discuss relevant aspects to be considered when managing hybrid solutionscolon What are the roles of your IT department and the cloud service provider? How do you migrate between on premise and cloud? How do you operate hybrid solutions?
ITM101:IT and Cloud Management:Planning and Architecting an SAP HANA System Landscape:This session walks through the planning process for an SAP HANA system landscape step-by-step, highlighting all key elements. Examine various aspects such as sizing, hardware variations, deployment options, cloud/hybrid considerations, multitenant database containers, virtualization, business continuity, and extended system landscape implications. Take away an understanding of how to evaluate the important trade-offs, and gain practical advice for your own system landscape architecture strategy.
ITM102:IT and Cloud Management:Update on Technical Infrastructure Components and Tools for SAP NetWeaver:The session gives you an overview of major changes in technical infrastructure components and tools for SAP NetWeaver. You will understand how the new version of SAP Business Suite now depends on different technical infrastructure component versions and support packages, kernels, and so on. You will get an update on the product availability matrix, new rolling kernel switch features, the important core data services interface, the new DB/OS cockpit, the high-availability certification, and more.
ITM103:IT and Cloud Management:Efficient Custom Code Management – Prepare for SAP HANAcolon What’s New?:Efficient custom code management is the key for transforming your landscape to the SAP HANA platform and the cloud. It starts with transparency on your current landscape in order to prepare and take the right actions and decisions. With the new decommissioning cockpit and quality cockpit as parts of the custom code lifecycle management functionality in SAP Solution Manager, you are right on track to do the mandatory optimization and remediation on your custom code.
ITM104:IT and Cloud Management:Business Process Improvement for SAP Solutions:Learn how prebuilt key figures in SAP Business Process Analytics help to drive business key performance indicators (KPIs), how to increase the automation ratio of business processes, and how to reduce manual efforts and post-processing. See how SAP Business Process Analytics goes mobile and how it supports ad hoc queries in SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA. Get to know the new KPI cloud catalog, where you can browse prebuilt key figure content that supports your company's business goals.
ITM105:IT and Cloud Management:Test Management with SAP Solution Manager Version 7.2 – Overview:This session provides an overview about the new concepts for functional test management with the new version of SAP Solution Manager. Besides selected system examples, we provide road map information as well.
ITM106:IT and Cloud Management:How to Integrate SAP Fiori into Your SAP System Landscape:Get insights into the required activities and changes to your SAP system landscape to harness the advantages of the SAP Fiori user experience and how our tools can support you in your implementation projects.
ITM107:IT and Cloud Management:Tools for SAP HANA Operations:This lecture provides an overview of the tools provided by SAP for the administration, monitoring, and landscape management of the SAP HANA platform. You will understand the key features of the different tools. And you will learn when to use which tool. You will also get look at our road map for the SAP HANA administration tools.
ITM108:IT and Cloud Management:Always Availablecolon Upgrade an SAP Software System with Zero Downtime:Some businesses require 24/7 service availability. Maintenance – for example, an upgrade of SAP software – requires a system outage of several hours. In this session, we show how a bank was able to upgrade its banking services from SAP and the SAP Customer Relationship Management application without any disruption to its customers. We will present the service and project details.
ITM109:IT and Cloud Management:Maximize the Value of Your Changes with Change Control Management:More than ever, companies require high transparency, automation, and continuous quality of their change process. A comprehensive change control approach with good processes, methods, and also tools is crucial. Understand how this helps to ensure transparency, high quality, and flexibility of your change activities. See how change control management supports the technical layer up to the process layer, highlights the new features, and maximizes the value for all your changes.
ITM110:IT and Cloud Management:Introduction to the SAP DB Control Center Systems Console:SAP DB Control Center (SAP DCC) is a new Web-based database administration (DBA) tool to manage and monitor a landscape of on-premise and cloud SAP HANA databases and other data management technologies, such as SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise, SAP IQ, and SAP SQL Anywhere. This session describes the functionality included in SAP DCC and how it complements other DBA tools (SAP HANA, other database cockpits, and DBA cockpits). We will use a software demo of SAP DCC to illustrate these concepts.
ITM111:IT and Cloud Management:Easy Transition to SAP S/4HANA with Data Volume Management:Reducing the data footprint before an SAP HANA database migration project is preferable, as a smaller database incurs lower hardware costs and helps to speed up the migration process. This lecture explains which features of the data volume management work center in SAP Solution Manager are best used in specific project phases before an SAP HANA migration.
ITM112:IT and Cloud Management:Consolidate Your Existing Systems in the Age of SAP HANA and SAP Cloud:In this session, learn about many different options to reduce complexity in your system landscape and concomitantly introduce innovation while protecting your investments. Step by step you will understand how to start with SAP Cloud offerings, SAP HANA DB multitenant container, co-deployment options, and why you should take a look at the SAP Cloud Appliance Library. In addition, learn how SAP protects your investments, for example, with AnyDBs.
ITM113:IT and Cloud Management:Accelerated Upgradecolon SAP Solution Manager’s UPL and Change Analyzer Tools:BNSF Railway faced challenge to comprehensively test E2E business processes for upgrades with insufficient time and unclear impact. Leveraging Solution Manager’s UPL data, Change impact analyzer tools(BPCA,CDMC,SEA)reduced testing time by 50% during HANA implementation. Change Impact Analysis provided focused testing by covering only affected Business processes resulting in accelerated Implementation by effective test management with reduced costs and ability to implement with greater confidence
ITM114:IT and Cloud Management:How Bristol-Myers Squibb Leverages SAP Solution Manager:This session explores how Bristol-Myers Squibb uses SAP Solution Manager to support its global SAP systems in a highly regulated environment. BMS has implemented an increasing amount of the solution functionality since 2008, while addressing the challenges of regulatory and compliance requirements commonly found in life science and other regulated industries. This session covers the current use of ChaRM, Retrofit, and technical monitoring (factors that have led to success), and future road map.
ITM115:IT and Cloud Management:Risk-Based Testing at BNSF with SAP Solution Manager Scope and Effort:BNSF Railway faced a challenge to comprehensively test business processes for a release. Usage and Procedure Logging and SAP Solution Manager's Scope and Effort Analyzer for Change Impact Analysis enabled BNSF to optimize risk-based testing at a minimal cost. Focused testing has allowed them to accelerate changes from a bi-annual “major release” into carefully managed weekly releases.
ITM116:IT and Cloud Management:How Orica Uses SAP Solution Manager to Accelerate EHP Upgrades:With an aging and heavily customised SAP ERP system, Orica set out on an ambitious upgrade program with aggressive timelines. Learn how  the SAP enhancement package scope and effort analyzer was used to estimate resources and build an accurate project plan prior to the physical EHP deployment. See a hands-on demonstration for how to focus on the most critical business impacts and identify all required competencies for adaptations and developments well before beginning the EHP upgrade.
ITM117:IT and Cloud Management:How Varian Medical Systems Takes Advantage of the Latest SAP Releases:You are constantly looking to leverage innovative SAP technologies to stay ahead of the competition which keeps you in a perpetual deployment phase. Moreover, the mix of SAP HANA and non-SAP HANA systems and accelerated releases of SAP Fiori apps is adding complexity to your environment. This session explains how Varian Medical Systems is taking a pragmatic approach to stay in tune with the latest SAP releases with minimal disruption to business while adapting new SAP technologies.
ITM118:IT and Cloud Management:Change Management in Hybrid Environments:Hybrid landscapes are becoming more and more prevalent in our SAP landscapes, but traditional change management in SAP is centered on enhanced Change and Transport System (CTS+) technologies. This presentation will introduce technologies outside of the traditional CTS+ components, how they operate, and how to keep your landscape operating to the highest flexibility without sacrificing security.
ITM119:IT and Cloud Management:ASUG Influence Council Meetingcolon SAP Solution Manager:During this meeting of the ASUG SAP Solution Manager Influence Council, attendees can learn about the new capabilities of version 7.2 of the SAP Solution Manager application management solution directly from members of product management and development. Planned for 2015, 7.2 will simplify your solution management and it includes improved support for SAP HANA, mobility, and cloud.
ITM120:IT and Cloud Management:SAP TDMS for HCM at Nikecolon Data Provisioning with Sensitive Data Protection:Find out how Nike is using SAP Test Data Migration Server software to provide subsets of data for various test and troubleshooting scenarios. These scenarios include mass data loads for project systems, one-off data replication for troubleshooting situations, as well as data scrambling routines to protect sensitive data elements in Nike’s non-production landscape.
ITM121:IT and Cloud Management:Coca-Cola Company Best Practices for SAP BW Migration to SAP HANA in Cloud:Hear Coca-Cola's approach, best-practices, and learnings that include SAP Business Warehouse migration from IBM DB2 to SAP HANA and app upgrade from 7.3 to 7.4, standing up new BI portal, SAP BusinessObjects, Tableau, SAP Data Services, SAP Landscape Transformation, and SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud. All of these systems and applications are hosted in cloud and connections from on-prem data center applications, as well as integration with on-prem applications such as Siteminder and more.
ITM122:IT and Cloud Management:Lockheed Martin’s SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA Migration:Worried about migrating a large amount of custom SAP code to SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA?  Explore the migration steps and processes successfully used at Lockheed Martin's Aeronautics to ensure custom code functionality, performance, and integrity. Investigate the code inspector, review the results, and mitigate the errors. Discover Lockheed Martin’s lessons learned, best practices, and results from their successful migration.
ITM123:IT and Cloud Management:SAP Interactive Forms by Adobecolon Configuration for ADS on SAP HANA Cloud:Adobe Document Services (ADS) required an SAP NetWeaver AS Java stack. The new ADS on HCP runs on the SAP HANA Cloud Platform, without the need of an AS JAVA. This session explains how to configure and connect an on-premise ABAP system to the ADS on HCP and and gives insight into the usage of the new ADS Configuration Tool, a cloud application also running on HCP. This session explains how to configure the ADS on HCP and provides examples for uploading credentials and fonts.
ITM160:IT and Cloud Management:Efficient Custom Code Managementcolon From Requirement to Retirement:Learn how to set up custom code lifecycle management (CCLM) and how this supports you in the complete lifecycle management of your custom code, from requirement to retirement. It will help you to be prepared for any change or transition to new innovations like the SAP HANA platform or the cloud.
ITM161:IT and Cloud Management:SAP HANA Operations – Beginners:This hands-on session provides an end-to-end picture of SAP HANA operations, focusing on day-to-day administration and maintenance topics. Through hands-on exercises, we will explore the different tools that can be used to analyze and resolve typical performance and stability issues of an SAP HANA database.
ITM162:IT and Cloud Management:Test Automation with CBTA and SAP Test Acceleration and Optimization:In this hands-on session, you get an overview of component-based test automation (CBTA) and the SAP Test Acceleration and Optimization application. You will perform detail exercises with scripts for executables, weave them together into end-to-end automated tests, and finally execute them. We also show demos of SAP Test Acceleration and Optimization.
ITM163:IT and Cloud Management:SAP Solution Manager 7.1, Test Option 1:The session allows participants to experience an end-to-end system example for test option 1 using SAP Solution Manager 7.1. The participants will be able to refer a blueprint, use manual or automated tests, and experience subsequent steps in test plan generation, test execution, and test reporting. Test option 1 is based on SAP Solution Manager as the tool to be used as a test case repository and to track execution of test cases.
ITM200:IT and Cloud Management:How to Plan and Execute a Migration to SAP HANA:Considering a migration of your SAP systems to SAP HANA? Benefit from a comprehensive overview of available migration paths and involved tools, including guidance on how to choose the right option. Learn about relevant project planning aspects and best practices, and get the latest news, such as about downtime-minimization features of the database migration option (DMO) of Software Update Manager. While the focus is on on-premise systems, we also touch upon cloud options and SAP S/4HANA.
ITM201:IT and Cloud Management:How to Plan and Execute the System Conversion to SAP S/4HANA:Learn about the transition path and technical execution of your existing SAP ERP system to SAP S/4HANA. In this session, we outline different options and elaborate on project considerations (technically and with respect to business functionality). Focus will be the technical procedure of the transition and the involved tools.
ITM202:IT and Cloud Management:SAP Solution Manager Road Mapcolon What's the Strategic Direction?:Learn the strategic direction for SAP Solution Manager, with details on new and planned innovations. See version 7.2's new solution documentation capabilities for designing and managing processes in a collaborative graphical environment. Find out how SAP Solution Manager maintains smooth operations for cloud solutions from SAP and SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA through simplified administration, configuration, monitoring, and change control.
ITM203:IT and Cloud Management:Simplify and Automate Your SAP Landscape Management and Operations:With SAP Landscape Virtualization Management, you can simplify and automate the management and operations of your SAP systems and landscapes running on physical or virtual infrastructures. Join this session to get a complete overview on new product capabilities, including automated provisioning and management of SAP HANA–based systems (comprising SAP S/4HANA) supported by live product demos. The session also covers technical set-up details, product road map overview and customer success stories.
ITM204:IT and Cloud Management:Get Started Today on Your Journey to SAP Solution Manager 7.2:Join this expert session to obtain transition support information about an upgrade to SAP Solution Manager 7.2. Understand the critical next steps and learn what you can do to prepare your current system to be ready for the next release.
ITM205:IT and Cloud Management:IT Service Management in SAP Solution Manager – A Strategic Overview:Realize processes that are compliant with the Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) by using SAP Solution Manager. Find out how SAP’s strategic approach to IT service management might help you leverage the collaboration between business and IT when facing the challenge of new IT delivery models. Get an overview of how SAP Solution Manager can help you to manage all of your IT services, and take a quick dive into the new IT service management functions in SAP Solution Manager 7.2..
ITM206:IT and Cloud Management:Managing and Transporting Objects and Content in SAP HANA:SAP HANA projects require effective lifecycle management practices for content objects in order to manage changes throughout the system landscape. This involves organizing development artifacts, managing changes, and transporting them. Explore the different tools and techniques that are available for this purposecolon native SAP HANA transport, transport of SAP HANA content with CTS+, and SAP HANA transport for ABAP. Understand the benefits, trade-offs, and appropriate scenarios for each.
ITM207:IT and Cloud Management:Continuous Availability of SAP HANA – Avoid Planned and Unplanned Downtimes:It is important to provide high service-level agreements on your applications that run on the SAP HANA platform. This means you want to avoid any planned and unplanned downtimes. This session covers zero-downtime maintenance, high-availability setups, and disaster recovery options for SAP HANA.
ITM208:IT and Cloud Management:Business Process Operation in SAP Solution Manager 7.2:With SAP Solution Manager 7.2, several changes were introduced that will improve the efficiency and flexibility of business process operation. This lecture gives you an outlook on how major changes like the “Unified Directory and Cloud” strategy affect the different areas of business process and interface monitoring, job management, and data consistency management with SAP Solution Manager.
ITM209:IT and Cloud Management:How to Manage the Lifecycle of Your SAP HANA Cloud Platform Applications:You can build extensions for your existing on-premise systems in SAP HANA Cloud Platform. A key aspect for running the applications in the cloud is the smooth integration into your existing lifecycle management tools and processes. This session shows selected aspects like monitoring and tracing options, maintenance planning and update management, staged development concepts, and change management procedures.
ITM210:IT and Cloud Management:Sizing for SAP S/4HANA:This lecture explains different ways and methodologies of how SAP S/4HANA can be sized. After introducing the sizing key performance indicators, we explain both an initial SAP S/4HANA Greenfield sizing approach as well as a sizing approach for the migration to SAP HANA as a database. We also introduce the latest features of the Quick Sizer tool, SAP's online sizing tool.
ITM211:IT and Cloud Management:Securing High Performance in Your System Landscape:This session provides guidance on performance and scalability characteristics that are fundamental for today’s IT landscape challenges in two main areascolon 1. IT landscape planning and implementation (network performance, sizing, the Quick Sizer tool, and so on). 2. Development projects (best practices and recommendations to develop (network) performance–optimized applications yourself).
ITM212:IT and Cloud Management:Zero Downtime of SUM is Ready to Usecolon News and Customer Experiences:This year the zero downtime procedure in the Software Update Manager (SUM) tool has been used in several proofs of concepts and real upgrade projects on the customer side. This session gives you the basics and latest news about the zero downtime option (ZDO) of Software Update Manager, informs you about the customer projects, and gives you support in scheduling an upgrade project or customer release with ZDO. Finally, we tell you about the future road map of ZDO.
ITM213:IT and Cloud Management:SAP Landscape Virtualization Managementcolon Integration and Best Practices:SAP Landscape Virtualization Management software is a product that deeply integrates with your infrastructure to fully automate an end-to-end system copy process. To enable these integrations, we work very closely with infrastructure partners, especially on the storage and virtualization side. This session teaches you what is available, how to make the best out of it, and how to integrate your own cloning scripts.
ITM214:IT and Cloud Management:Application Operations Overviewcolon News About SAP Solution Manager 7.2:SAP Solution Manager provides an integrated platform in which to operate your landscape. The session covers new developments in the areas of SAPUI5-based user interfaces, dashboard capabilities, and support for hybrid scenarios. In addition we will set a special focus on customer use cases for integration monitoring and exception management.
ITM215:IT and Cloud Management:Operations for SAP HANA with SAP Solution Manager 7.2:This session shows how the monitoring applications can be used to evaluate the status of SAP HANA platform installations. It also shows the integration of SAP HANA alerts into a central alert inbox and the usage of predefined guided procedures for root-cause analysis and problem solving.
ITM216:IT and Cloud Management:Simplified Landscape Maintenance with Maintenance Planner:Maintenance planner is a hosted solution that supports customers in effectively planning landscape changes. It is the successor of maintenance optimizer, landscape planner, and LMDB product system editor functionalities, including verification, consolidating critical tasks such as definition of product maintenance dependencies, generating stack.xml files, and selecting archives in a single tool. Maintenance planner offers several advanced features, significantly simplifying the process.
ITM217:IT and Cloud Management:Test Drive in the Cloud – Solution Documentation in the New Release:The SAP Cloud Appliance Library tool offers the easiest and fastest way to consume SAP applications in the cloud. This session provides an opportunity to learn about our new offer “Test 'til You Drop.” You will also get a comprehensive overview about how the SAP Solution Manager team plans to make version 7.2 available in SAP Cloud Appliance Library as an evaluation system.
ITM218:IT and Cloud Management:Experience the Value of Requirements to Deploy in SAP Solution Manager 7.2:With ramp-up just around the corner, attend this session to experience SAP Solution Manager 7.2. Learn about the new holistic requirement-to-deploy process. This new expanded release management approach will consolidate project management, IT requirements, flexible business process model and notation (BPMN) process diagram modeling, and processes structuring that is easy to use and understand.
ITM219:IT and Cloud Management:Be Prepared for SAP ITSM and CHARM in SAP Solution Manager 7.2:SAP Solution Manager 7.2 is close to being released. In this session we give an outlook of amazing new features and enhancements requested from our customer base. See the first demos of the new release, such as new SAP Fiori UIs, service clocks to manage OLAs, and many usability improvements. Learn how to be prepared for a smooth upgrade. The session is relevant for customers using SAP IT Service Management (ITSM) or change request management (CHARM), as many new features are cross-valid.
ITM220:IT and Cloud Management:Making the New Graphical Modeling Work for You in SAP Solution Manager 7.2:Learn the new strategic direction for the new state-of-the-art graphical business process modeling in the new release of SAP Solution Manager. See the new and simple business user experience. Experience the business process model and notation–based process modeling, including role-based structuring of processes. Business-savvy graphics drive collaboration, from requirements to deploy.
ITM221:IT and Cloud Management:SAP Notes and ABAP Add-Ons – What‘s New?:This session covers key enhancements related to the SAP Notes service and ABAP add-ons. Get introduced to transport-based correction instructions, which is a new approach for delivering ABAP code, bridging the gap between support packages and SAP Notes. Learn how to search notes to solve a specific issue based on issue replication with the automated note search tool. Learn how to de-install an ABAP add-on and how SAP Add-On Assembly Kit software has been enhanced to enable this for our partners.
ITM222:IT and Cloud Management:SAP HANA Revision Strategy and Business Continuity:This session updates you on the SAP HANA revision strategy, explain the different artifacts like SPS cycles, SAP HANA data center service points, and maintenance revisions. After the session you should be able to distinguish between SAP HANA release and maintenance deliverables and better plan your maintenance for SAP HANA.
ITM223:IT and Cloud Management:Goodyear's Application Lifecycle Managementcolon  The New Normal:This session covers Goodyear's four year journey implementing a best-in-class ALM practice using a global single instance of SAP Solution Manager as the foundation/core process enabler. Leveraging SAP Test Acceleration and Optimization, along with many other products, enabled the successful completion of a highly complex technical SAP ERP Central Component 4.7 to 6.0 upgrade and established a new set of simplified and standardized IT processes and tools for a sustainable “One Goodyear Way\".
ITM224:IT and Cloud Management:Private Cloud Implementation at Honeywell Aerospace for SAP Landscapes:In this session, learn the details of Honeywell Aerospace's private cloud infrastructure including the architecture, design, and implementation. The scope of this implementation covers SAP ERP Central Component (SAP ECC), SAP Process Integration, SAP Global Trade Services, SAP Advanced Planning and Optimization, and portal landscapes for dev, QA, production, and disaster recovery environments using VCE's Vblock platform in Honeywell data centers.
ITM226:IT and Cloud Management:Using ChaRM, CSOL, and Retrofit to Support a Dual Project and Production:Hear a case study of how effectively Novelis is using ChaRM, cross-system object lock (CSOL), and Retrofit functionality of SAP Solution Manager to support multiple global project roll-outs, upgrades, and production support. This session reviews the practices, experiences, and ROI of successful change management. Learn how to avoid the manual process of synchronizing changes between project and support SAP systems and reduce the schedule and timeline for managing changes between multiple systems
ITM227:IT and Cloud Management:SysOps IMPROVEDcolon Take the Best from DevOps and Data Visualization:Let's pick some ingredients from other successful areas to improve your SAP landscape. I'll talk about how, for example, DevOps, data visualization, and UI skills help you to make your technical infrastructure more reliable and transparent – even for the ones outside the admin silo. \"Simplifying\" your landscape needs some efforts. First, let's zoom into complexity, then, make it understandable via data visualization, and lastly, define a solution to control the complexity.
ITM228:IT and Cloud Management:SAP HANA - Overview of On-Premise Deployment Options:SAP HANA can be deployed in many different ways - single-node or scale-out, bare metal or virtualized, appliance or TDI. There are also different ways how to reach high availability or disaster recovery and there are different options how to share one environment between multiple databases (MCOD, MCOS, MDC). goal of this presentation is to provide basic orientation between individual deployment options and to explain which deployment options are right choices for main SAP applications.
ITM229:IT and Cloud Management:Near-Zero Downtime for Java-Based Systemscolon SAP Process Orchestration:Tired of weekend shifts for update projects? Learn about the near-Zero Downtime Maintenance (nZDM) Java technology, possibilities of automation, and benefits from practical customer experiences. With nZDM Java for your SAP Process Orchestration or SAP Enterprise Portal systems you will get more flexibility to offer better service level agreements, avoid weekend shifts, and increase update frequency.
ITM230:IT and Cloud Management:Data Migration to SAP S/4HANA with SAP Landscape Transformation:SAP Landscape Transformation is an open platform that allows SAP customers to manage their transformation needs. It is embedded in any SAP S/4HANA migration process for the Enterprise edition or scenarios as available for the SAP S/4HANA Professional Services edition. As a flexible transformation platform, it allows to selectively move your existing SAP business to SAP's next generation software.
ITM231:IT and Cloud Management:ASUG Influence Councilcolon SAP Landscape Transformation Replication Server:SAP Landscape Transformation replication server enables the adoption of SAP HANA and SAP S/4HANA through a variety of scenarios. In this session, we introduce detailed scenarios and possibilities. We share specific project examples on how this software has been leveraged to adopt SAP HANA with all the benefits of an in-memory based solution. We would like to get your feedback on your company's requirements for leveraging SAP's replication server functionality.
ITM232:IT and Cloud Management:Innovative Performance Management Processes and Tools:Raytheon Company is committed to the continued improvement of performance in its SAP systems. Attend this session to see what processes and tools have been implemented to avoid, identify, and correct performance issues. Presenter discusses use of workflow to facilitate code and performance reviews, tools developed to analyze month-end batch, and tools developed to test performance improvements. These processes help to proactively identify performance issues before they become critical.
ITM233:IT and Cloud Management:How SYSCO's Data Volume Metric Needs Were Satisfied with SAP's DVM Tool:This session covers SYSCO's data archiving strategy and activities and its corresponding metric needs that were satisfied and complimented with SAP Solution Manager data volume management (DVM) tool implementation. Come to this session to hear the lessons learned for its success.
ITM235:IT and Cloud Management:ASUG Influence Council Update Sessioncolon SAP Test Data Migration Server:This influence council provides a platform for customers to exchange experiences and best practices in the area of SAP Test Data Migration Server (SAP TDMS) software. SAP TDMS is a solution which allows customers to populate non-production systems with a subset of data while protecting sensitive data with pre-configured data scrambling scenario. The solution has become an integral part of the \"Run SAP Like a Factory\" model.
ITM236:IT and Cloud Management:PepsiCo's Virtualization Transformation of 200 SAP Systems:PepsiCo migrated over 200 SAP systems running on HP-UX to SUSE Linux in a virtualized environment resulting in substantial cost savings spread over five datacenters across the globe. Being a virtual environment there was no need of separate hardware for disaster recovery (DR).
ITM237:IT and Cloud Management:SAP System Upgrades, DB Migration, and Unicode Conversion at Goodyear:Find out how Goodyear upgraded their SAP R/3 Enterprise 4.7 non-unicode system running on Oracle to SAP ERP Central Component 6.0 EHP7 running on SAP Adaptive Service Enterprise DB leveraging SAP Landscape Transformation software. The requirement was to achieve three steps in one projectcolon OS/DB migration, unicode conversion, and upgrade at the same time. This challenge was realized with SAP Landscape Transformation's incremental migration approach with a technical downtime of 23 hours.
ITM238:IT and Cloud Management:SAP Landscape Transformation at Nikecolon Executing Changes Without Disruption:Find out how Nike IT is using SAP Landscape Transformation software to deliver solutions to business-driven changes in their existing SAP landscape. These changes include the move of an existing plant from one company code to a newly-established company code, or moving/splitting warehouses with built-in near-zero downtime technology.
ITM239:IT and Cloud Management:How PepsiCo Consolidated Datacenters With Minimal Business Impact:PepsiCo migrated 200 SAP systems and 500 servers from three old datacenters to five new datacenters. These systems belong to multiple production landscapes across five regions around the world. They completed the production migration from one datacenter to another datacenter with the least impact to business while building target systems in target datacenters. The end-to-end plan includes standing up target systems 60 days in advance and syncing with source databases using Oracle GoldenGate.
ITM260:IT and Cloud Management:IT Service Chargingcolon Integrated ERP–SAP Solution Manager Process:IT services help IT departments to manage their processes in a standardized and transparent way. The Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) sets best practices for such IT service processes. In this hands-on session, you will learn how IT service management processes can be integrated with existing ERP processes to automate financial management in IT.
ITM261:IT and Cloud Management:Change Impact Analysis of Software Changes with BPCA and SEA:In this hands-on session, you get an overview of the features of the business process change analyzer (BPCA) and scope and effort analyzer (SEA). You will perform exercises to fulfill all prerequisites for the software, including business blueprint and technical bill of material (TBOM). Finally, you will perform change impact analysis and learn to interpret the results. The session includes information about how SAP customers are already benefiting from BPCA and SEA.
ITM262:IT and Cloud Management:Zero Downtime for Updates, Upgrades, and Customer Releases:Run an update of your ABAP system with zero downtime. With the zero downtime option (ZDO) of the Software Update Manager tool, you get rid of the technical downtime and might be able to reduce your business downtime to a minimum. Check out the main phases of the powerful procedure on your own, and learn about the option. Find out how the end user will appreciate non-disruptive working without business restrictions, and get information about the technical details of ZDO.
ITM263:IT and Cloud Management:Hands-On Experience with SAP Landscape Virtualization Management:With SAP Landscape Virtualization Management software, you can simplify and automate the management and operations of your SAP systems and landscapes running on a physical or virtual infrastructure. Join this session to get hands-on experience with the new product capabilities, including provisioning and management of the SAP HANA-based systems.
ITM264:IT and Cloud Management:Maintain Your Landscape Efficiently with Maintenance Planner:Maintenance planner is a hosted solution that supports you in effectively planning landscape changes. It is the successor of maintenance optimizer, landscape planner, and LMDB product system editor functionalities, including verification. We go through the process of planning landscape changes using maintenance planner for maintenance tasks, such as definition of product maintenance dependencies, generation of stack xml files, downloading archives, and seeing the connection to other tools.
ITM265:IT and Cloud Management:Experience the Value of Requirements to Deploy in SAP Solution Manager 7.2:SAP HANA Cloud Integration is SAP's strategic Integration Platform as a Service (IPaaS) offering for the integration of SAP cloud applications with other cloud or on-premise solutions, from both SAP and non-SAP offerings. This hands-on session gives you an opportunity to develop new integration flows by applying enterprise integration patterns such as the Splitter, the Content Enricher, or the Content Based Router pattern so that you can use them in your own projects afterwards.
ITM266:IT and Cloud Management:How to Use the New Solution Documentation in SAP Solution Manager 7.2:Learn about the new pragmatic business process management features in the new release. Experience the top-down business-driven process design combined with the bottom-up IT-driven documentation of IT assets. Walk through the collaborative business-ready, built-in graphical modeling of end-to-end processes and the aligned functional IT views.
ITM360:IT and Cloud Management:SAP HANA Migration with DMO in Actioncolon Minimize Downtime, Best Practices:Learn about the latest downtime-optimization options within the database migration option (DMO) of the Software Update Manager tool. Get to know the benchmarking tool, and benefit from performance best practices and troubleshooting experience. Find out what needs to be considered within your business to ease the migration to the SAP HANA platform.
ITM361:IT and Cloud Management:SAP HANA Operations – Advanced:This hands-on session provides a detailed description of complex operational tasks in the SAP HANA database that help maximize its capabilities. This includes key SAP HANA tools and topics, such as hdblcm, backup and recovery, high-availability disaster recovery, monitoring, changing system configuration, and housekeeping tasks.
ITM362:IT and Cloud Management:Support for Hybrid Solutions with SAP Solution Manager:Many customers move their applications to SAP's private or public cloud. This session provides the opportunity to learn and practice how to set up and use the integration monitoring and exception management features in SAP Solution Manager on the customer side to operate public cloud offerings (for example, SuccessFactors solutions, the SAP Cloud for Customer solution).
ITM800:IT and Cloud Management:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Landscape Transformation:This road map session summarizes the overall SAP Landscape Transformation portfolio and the latest feature enhancements as well as illustrates its future contribution, namely for the transition to SAP S/4 HANA and SAP Cloud. The session providescolon detailed information on the current version, an overview on the planned innovations, and an insight on the future direction of this software.
ITM801:IT and Cloud Management:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Solution Manager:SAP Solution Manager provides new solution documentation capabilities for managing processes. It also enables new SAP innovations such as SAP HANA, SAP S/4HANA, and SAP cloud-based hybrid IT landscapes, to build and run end-to-end solutions for the future. This session provides an opportunity to get a comprehensive overview on the product road map. Learn about the planned innovations and ask your questions.
ITM802:IT and Cloud Management:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Test Data Migration Server:This road map session describes the functions and features of SAP Test Data Migration Server (SAP TDMS) and what further enhancements are planned for the future. We provide detailed information on the current version of SAP TDMS, detailed information on the planned innovations of the SAP TDMS, and insight on the future direction of SAP TDMS.
ITM803:IT and Cloud Management:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Cloud Appliance Library:SAP Cloud Appliance Library offers the easiest and fastest way to deploy and use SAP on-premise applications in the cloud. This session provides an opportunity to get a comprehensive overview on the product, learn about the planned innovations, and ask your questions.
ITM804:IT and Cloud Management:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Landscape Virtualization Management:SAP Landscape Virtualization Management enables you to simplify and automate the management and operations of your SAP landscapes and increase your business agility. This session provides an opportunity to get a comprehensive overview on the product road map, learn about the planned innovations, and ask your questions.
MOB100:Mobile Solution Development:Develop Mobile Apps with SAP Web IDE, Hybrid App Toolkit Add-On:In this session, learn how to build a mobile application, styled like an SAP Fiori app, from scratch using the SAP Web IDE, hybrid app toolkit add-on. Learn to add mobile-specific features to the app, and deploy the app to a mobile device. The session also covers configuring the connectivity using SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services.
MOB101:Mobile Solution Development:Mobilize SAP Fiori and Enterprise Applications with SAP Mobile Secure:Get an overview of SAP Mobile Secure solutions to develop, secure, and deploy SAP Fiori apps and enterprise applications for your mobile users. Find out about various features of SAP Mobile Secure solutions from perspectives of developers, IT administrators, and end users, specifically focusing on mobilizing SAP Fiori apps. Gain an understanding of SAP Mobile Secure along with more advanced topics such as supporting Android for Work and publishing SAP Fiori apps from the SAP Web IDE environment.
MOB102:Mobile Solution Development:A Comprehensive Introduction to the Mobile Technology Offering from SAP:Get a holistic overview of SAP Mobile Platform, SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services and SAP Mobile Secure. Learn how these products enable you to develop, deploy, and securely operate cross-platform mobile enterprise solutions in on-premise and cloud landscapes. See how you can use them to provide a superior experience on mobile devices for SAP Fiori apps.
MOB103:Mobile Solution Development:Get an Update on Our Strategy and Road Map for SAP Mobile Solutions:Gain insights into the strategy and road map for SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services, SAP Mobile Platform, and SAP Mobile Secure solutions. Learn how these SAP software products are evolving to provide a holistic solution that can addressing your enterprise mobility needs for the next generation of mobile apps.
MOB104:Mobile Solution Development:See How Wearable Technology Breeds Successful Internet-of Things-Solutions:Check out SAP's first apps for smart glasses now on the market. Learn more details about these apps, how we developed the apps, and which customers are using them. Experience the new features in augmented reality, and learn how to enrich mobile apps using these features. See why wearables and augmented reality are becoming powerful innovations that can boost user-productivity in many areas.
MOB105:Mobile Solution Development:Develop Mobile Applications Without Writing Code:Get an in-depth look on how to build mobile applications, including SAP Fiori apps, without writing code. Business experts can build complex, functional mobile apps with SAP Web IDE, based in the SAP HANA Cloud Platform, to design screens and logic visually and declaratively. See how simple it is to add navigation, actions, business logic, and offline capabilities to custom mobile apps without writing a single line of code. Also, learn how business experts can work side by side with developers.
MOB106:Mobile Solution Development:Develop SAP Fiori Apps with SAP Mobile Platform SDK and Apache Cordova:Learn how to develop mobile apps, styled like SAP Fiori apps, based on Apache Cordova using the SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK). See how applications that run on multiple-device platforms can be created more easily than ever before. Also, learn about the capabilities of the SAP Fiori Client mobile app and the hybrid container for mobile solutions from SAP, and how they can provide enterprise-level support for hybrid applications.
MOB107:Mobile Solution Development:Develop Native Mobile Apps Using the SAP Mobile Platform SDK:In this session, learn the basics of building a native mobile application that leverages features of the SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK), including tools that can help streamline development, delivery, security, and management of mobile applications. Find out about the structure of the SAP Mobile Platform SDKcolon how to onboard and register users and applications, create online and offline applications and analyze the applications.
MOB108:Mobile Solution Development:Enable OData Offline in Mobile App Performance and Scalability:This session focuses on how to overcome real world challenges when building offline mobile solutions. By looking at each mobile app from the back end right through to the client device, understand how to get the best performance from end-to-end mobile solutions. Use the SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK) to make mobile apps more scalable and resilient to poor or intermittent network connectivity.
MOB109:Mobile Solution Development:Access Your Files Anywhere with SAP Mobile Documents:This session gives you an overview of SAP Mobile Documents, the ready-to-use file share and synchronization solution that comes with native clients. Learn how it integrates with other content management solutions, such as Microsoft SharePoint, as well as SAP Business Suite applications. In addition, we explain how you can adapt SAP Mobile Documents to meet specific user needs.
MOB110:Mobile Solution Development:Deploy and Manage SAP Fiori Apps Securely Using SAP Mobile Place:Take a deeper look at the SAP Mobile Place tool, part of the SAP Mobile Secure solution portfolio, to support the full lifecycle of an SAP Fiori appcolon development, test, management and deployment phases. Focus on different points of integration for publishing and deploying an SAP Fiori app, ranging from a developer who can publish the app directly from SAP Web IDE to an IT administrator who can publish and manage the app.
MOB111:Mobile Solution Development:Developing Mobile Applications with the SAP Web IDEcolon Lessons Learned:SAP Fiori is hot today and SAP Web IDE makes it easier than ever to develop and deploy its applications. The SAP Web IDE is a new cloud-based technology so the development process for your organization will change as your developers begin to roll out SAP Fiori and mobile applications. We focus on the lessons learned on a recent SAP Web IDE-based SAP Fiori project. Topics include configuration, source code control, and other development issues to consider when you begin using this technology.
MOB112:Mobile Solution Development:Learn How Newell Rubbermaid Establishes UI5 for Mobile Applications:Establishing a strategy for developing mobile applications is a challenging and evolving process. Over the past three years, Newell Rubbermaid has been working to find a correct balance of technology and process for supporting mobile. In this session, we walk you through how an organization evaluated solutions and technologies to find a strategy for their business. In addition, see a demonstration of the mobile applications built on SAPUI5 and other technologies during this journey.
MOB113:Mobile Solution Development:Stack More Beer in the Fridgecolon How Molson Coors Increased Its Productivity:Attend this session to discover how mobility has revolutionized IT and the ways over 1,800 users across the globe work. We explore the processes of building and deploying a mobile BI solution for its global sales representatives. We also review how architecture, IT structure, and business organization for online and offline consumption on a tablet was impacted and how adding mobility to the tool mix has revealed the need for a new skill set in IT and a sustainability organization.
MOB114:Mobile Solution Development:Implementing Mobility Using Work Manager at Metropolitan Utilities District:Metropolitan Utilities District (M.U.D.) is moving forward assigning and completing work orders in the field with SAP Work Manager. Utility distribution systems are included in the inital rollout. Efficiencies have already been recognized to save both time and money. Implemented with our mapping and document management system, the solution provides a one-stop shop for our field services group including gas and water departments as well as field engineers and dispatch.
MOB115:Mobile Solution Development:Using SAPUI5 to Enhance Enterprise Learning Manager Capabilities:Lockheed Martin uses SAP Enterprise Learning to provide training for over 112K learners across the company. Many of their managers are on the go and require access to the learning system via mobile devices. This session provides an end-to-end look into what is required to implement a custom SAP Fiori-like SAPUI5 mobile application for legacy SAP applications.
MOB116:Mobile Solution Development:Securely Access Your SAP Fiori Applications from Anywhere with SSO:You have implemented SAP Fiori apps. Now you want to allow your users to access SAP Fiori apps securely from anywhere on their mobile device. Users do not want to enter their credentials every time or manually enable a VPN. This session discusses how to enable single sign-on for your SAP Fiori apps using SAML and a cloud-based identity provider (such as Okta) and use per app VPN from your MDM provider (such as Mobile Iron) for remote access.
MOB160:Mobile Solution Development:Develop Hybrid Mobile Apps with SAP Web IDE, Hybrid App Toolkit Add-On:In this session, learn how to create hybrid mobile applications based on Apache Cordova using the SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK) and the SAP Web IDE, hybrid app toolkit add-on. Build an SAP Fiori app from scratch, adding mobile features and deploying the app to a mobile device. As part of the session, configure the connectivity using SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services.
MOB161:Mobile Solution Development:Enable and Optimize Consumption of Multiple Data Sources for Mobile Apps:In this hands-on session, learn how to build and integrate SAP and non-SAP data sources into your mobile solutions. Find out how to implement and deploy Delta tokens through custom script to improve performance of your mobile solution with the SAP Mobile Platform.
MOB162:Mobile Solution Development:Develop Apps Like SAP Fiori with SAP Mobile Platform SDK and Apache Cordova:In this hands-on session, learn how to create a hybrid (HTML) app similar to an SAP Fiori app from scratch that makes use of features of the SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK). Participants build and deploy Android hybrid apps while gaining experience using Apache Cordova, the Android SDK tools, SMP server registration, online and offline OData, debugging techniques, and the \"App Update\" feature enabling updating of a hybrid app.
MOB200:Mobile Solution Development:Best Practices to Successfully Develop and Deploy Mobile Applications:In this session, an SAP partner discusses and shows how to successfully develop and deploy a mobile solution based on strategic mobile technologies. The partner demonstrates real-world examples and describes how various features were implemented. In addition, the partner shares his experiences of deploying mobile solutions based on the SAP Mobile Platform and/or the SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services.
MOB201:Mobile Solution Development:Move to the Strategic Mobile Platform Using Best Practices:Learn today's best practices to move your mobile solutions to such strategic mobile technologies as the SAP Mobile Platform or the SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile service.
MOB202:Mobile Solution Development:Plan Your Mobile Solutions and Landscape:Learn about the landscape options you have to run mobile solutions with the SAP Mobile Platform or the SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services. This session covers options for on-premise, cloud, and hybrid installations, along with options on how to secure them using the SAP Mobile Place tool. Get insight into what the benefits are for each option and how to plan, develop, and operate your mobile solutions.
MOB203:Mobile Solution Development:Mobilize SAP Fiori and Enterprise Applications with Android for Work:Take a deeper look on how to support Android for Work with SAP Mobile Secure solutions to develop, secure, and deploy SAP Fiori apps and enterprise applications for your mobile users. Focus on the Android for Work platform for developing and deploying mobile applications. This session provides an extensive overview of SAP Mobile Secure with built-in support of Android for Work and how to leverage that support for mobilizing your SAP Fiori apps.
MOB204:Mobile Solution Development:Develop an SAPUI5 Hybrid App in SAP Web IDE with the Hybrid App Toolkit:This presentation shows how PepsiCo is using the hybrid application in a mobile business environment and the steps taken along with the lessons learned during implementation. See a demonstration of a mobile business scenario that has been enriched by the use of the SAP Web IDE hybrid app toolkit add-on. We showcase device level integration with SAP Web IDE via the hybrid app toolkit.
MOB206:Mobile Solution Development:Improving the User Experience by Mobilizing SAP Fiori:After quickly delivering innovation by rolling out SAP Fiori, CA Technologies took their UX and mobility to the next level. They did this bycolon using SAP Web IDE to easily extend several out-of-the-box SAP Fiori apps, integrating with the hybrid application toolkit add-on, and Apache Cordova and SAP Mobile Platform SDK for hybrid apps (\"Kapsel\") plugins to build custom SAP Fiori mobile apps, and by utilizing SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services to manage and monitor SAP Fiori mobile apps.
MOB260:Mobile Solution Development:Develop a Windows Mobile App Using the SAP Mobile Platform SDK:In this session, learn the basics of building a native application that's based on the features of SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK). Gain experience in a wide variety of tools and features, includingcolon online and offline use of OData, debugging techniques, and authentication of mobile applications for devices using Microsoft Windows.
MOB300:Mobile Solution Development:Operate the SAP Mobile Platform:This session outlines best practices, tips, and tricks for successful operations of the SAP Mobile Platform. Learn about administration, monitoring, and troubleshooting for different scenarios for mobile solutions from SAP. Get an overview of support services offered for customers who use the SAP Mobile Platform, and learn which tools to use for monitoring and troubleshooting the SAP Mobile Platform.
MOB301:Mobile Solution Development:Secure SAP Fiori Using SAML Certificates and SAP Mobile Platform:In this session, learn how to enable authentication based on SAML 2.0 for SAP Fiori mobile apps by leveraging the SAP Mobile Platform. See how to introduce an additional level of security using X.509 certificates and how to distribute these certificates to end-users in an enterprise environment.
MOB360:Mobile Solution Development:Enhance Mobile Apps with Offline, Push, and Certificate Logon:This hands-on session can help developers understand how to build real-world mobile apps styled like SAP Fiori apps using SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK). Gain insight into how to leverage data caching on SMP, utilize OData delta tokens, integrate support for push, and enable certificate based authentication with SAML 2.0. Learn in detail how to properly address challenges regarding performance and scalability.
MOB600:Mobile Solution Development:SAP Fiori Processes in MS Office On Premise, In the cloud, On Any Device:With SAP Fiori, My Inbox customers have a beautiful application to manage all their workflows from one central place. In this session, we show the SAP Fiori My Inbox, and how to leverage the same services to get workflow information in your Microsoft Outlook applications – both on-prem and in the cloud by simple coding in .Net.
MOB601:Mobile Solution Development:SAP Fiori-Style Hybrid App Development:Learn how to create an SAP Fiori-style hybrid (HTML) app from scratch that makes use of features of the SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK). Participants will build and deploy Android hybrid apps while gaining experience using Apache Cordova, the Android SDK tools, SMP server registration, online and offline OData, debugging techniques, and the \"App Update\" feature of SMP3 enabling the updating of a hybrid app.
MOB602:Mobile Solution Development:Develop an SAP Fiori App with SAP Web IDE and Hybrid Application Toolkit:In this session, learn how to create SAP Fiori-style mobile applications (Apache Cordova) using SAP Web IDE and the hybrid application toolkit. Build a simple SAP Fiori app from scratch, adding mobile features to it, and deploy it to a mobile device/simulator. As part of the session, configure the connectivity using SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services.
MOB603:Mobile Solution Development:Mobile Apps with SAPUI5 Via the SAP Web IDE and SAP HANA Cloud Platform:In this session, learn how to develop your first mobile app with SAPUI5, get to know the basic elements of an SAPUI5 app, develop the user interface, and deploy it to your SAP HANA Cloud Platform account.
MOB604:Mobile Solution Development:Easily Build Applications for Microsoft Office:In this SAP CodeJam (mini edition), we use SAP Gateway for Microsoft to get data from SAP systems into Microsoft Azure and Office 365. Learn how to deploy your code and develop simple applications that work with data from SAP systems in Microsoft Office 365.
MOB605:Mobile Solution Development:Enable Consumption of Non-SAP Data Sources for Mobile Solutions:In this SAP CodeJam (mini edition), learn how to build and integrate SAP and non-SAP data sources into your mobile solution. Learn how to implement and deploy Delta tokens via custom script to improve the performance of your mobile solution with the SAP mobile platform.
MOB606:Mobile Solution Development:Learn to Secure SAP Fiori Mobile Apps with SAML 2.0 and Certificates:In this SAP CodeJam (mini edition), participants learn how to secure a real-world SAP Fiori application. Go through every step in the configuration process to end up with a prototype implementation of SAML 2.0-based authentication through the SAP Mobile Platform for the an SAP Fiori application.
MOB700:Mobile Solution Development:Add Mobile Features to an SAP Fiori App with SAP Web IDE:In this session, learn how to build SAP Fiori-style mobile applications (Apache Cordova) using SAP Web IDE and the hybrid app toolkit. We also review how to add mobile features to an existing SAP Fiori application.
MOB701:Mobile Solution Development:Best Practices to Move to the Strategic Mobile Platform:In this code review, learn the best practices available today to move your mobile solutions to the strategic mobile technology. We review in detail how to move to an OData model with an existing mobile solution.
MOB702:Mobile Solution Development:Enable Data for Mobile Consumption:In this Code Review session, we review how to build and integrate SAP data sources into your mobile solution. Learn how to implement and deploy Delta tokens to improve the performance of your mobile solution with the SAP mobile platform.
MOB703:Mobile Solution Development:Enable Non-SAP Data for Offline Mobile Consumption:In this Code Review session, we review how to build and integrate non-SAP data sources into your mobile solution. Learn how to implement and deploy Delta tokens via custom script to improve the performance of your mobile solution with the SAP mobile platform.
MOB704:Mobile Solution Development:SAP Fiori-Style Hybrid App Development:In this Code Review, participants see how an SAP Fiori-style app that makes use SAP Mobile Platform 3 features is created from scratch. Participants gain experience in a wide variety of tools and features includingcolon the SAP Web IDE, Apache Cordova 5.0, Android Studio, OData, and debugging techniques.
MOB705:Mobile Solution Development:Get an In-Depth Review of Building Mobile Apps Without Writing Code:In this session, attendees will take an in depth look at how business experts and developers can work together on the same project. Business Expert can build a mobile application without coding. For developers we will highlight extension points in the mobile application where custom code can be added to enhance the application. The code review examines the process step by step so that attendees get an inside look at how the tooling works and the benefits to the business user and developer
MOB706:Mobile Solution Development:Getting SAP Workflows in Outlook 2010 and 2013:In this Code Review, we look at the components and steps required to get your SAP workflows in Microsoft Outlook using SAP Gateway for Microsoft and the Visual Studio Tools for Office approach. How is SSO handled? How can you ensure CRUD operations? How can you extend your scenario?
MOB707:Mobile Solution Development:How to Embed Content Consumption into Your Custom Mobile App:In this Code Review session, examples of both good and bad code are evaluated and reviewed, focusing on how document storage can be implemented in your custom mobile app. Attendees see the best approach on how to integrate it with industry standards-based technology using SAP Mobile Documents.
MOB708:Mobile Solution Development:Workflows in Outlook Anywherecolon Apps for Office and SAP Gateway for Microsoft:Using Microsoft Office 365 and the new HTML5/JS-based apps for Office model, SAP workflows can now easily be brought into Outlook anywherecolon on your desktop, in a browser, and on your mobile device. In this session, we run through the required coding, show examples, and give you places to get started yourself.
MOB709:Mobile Solution Development:Working with SAP Data from Excel:In this Code Review session, we look at SAP Gateway for Microsoft's Excel template and analyze how you can perform CRUD operations from Excel, how you can extend your scenario, and how SAP Single Sign-on (SAP SSO) works.
MOB800:Mobile Solution Development:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Mobile Secure:In this session, we provide an overview of SAP Mobile Secure with the goal of developing, securing, and deploying SAP Fiori and enterprise applications for your mobile users. This session gives a perspective of SAP Mobile Secure in relation to other SAP products and platform offerings and helps you understand its role in the SAP product portfolio and its product strategy, direction, and road map for future releases.
MOB801:Mobile Solution Development:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Mobile Platform, SAP HANA Cloud Platform Mobile Services:This session provides an overview and outlook of how SAP simplifies mobile development for the enterprise and their employees, business partners, and customers. Whether on premise or cloud-based, the SAP Mobile Platform makes it easy to develop, manage, and run mobile enterprise applications and mobile consumer applications quickly and securely.
SEC100:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Secure Authentication and Data Transfer with SAP Single Sign-On:This lecture explores new security capabilities of the SAP Single Sign-On application, our common cryptographic library, and the SAP NetWeaver Application Server component for ABAP. Learn how you can combine two-factor authentication with risk-based authentication for a flexible and secure authentication process. Hear about extended support for HTTPS/TLS and up-to-date crypto capabilities for secure data storage and transfer. See how to further reduce TCO in certificate lifecycle management.
SEC101:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Best Practices for IAM Across Cloud and On-Premise Solutions:This lecture outlines best practices for successful identity and access management (IAM) for all your solutions, whether on premise or cloud-based, SAP or non-SAP. Learn the recommended way to implement certain scenarios end to end. Find out which features from which product are involved. See various hybrid on-premise to cloud scenarios. And view a demo of security products such as the SAP Identity Management component, SAP Single Sign-On application, and SAP Cloud Identity software.
SEC102:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Find the Hackers in Your Landscape with SAP Enterprise Threat Detection:SAP systems are increasingly in the sights of potential attackers, who know these systems contain critical business data. The SAP Enterprise Threat Detection application can help by leveraging the real-time power of the SAP HANA platform. As a result, you can identify attacks as they are happening and analyze threats quickly enough to neutralize them before serious damage can occur. This lecture examines the main ideas and features of SAP Enterprise Threat Detection.
SEC103:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:SAP HANA Cloud Platform - A Security Overview:Security, identity, and access management are top priorities when considering moving applications to the cloud. In this demo-rich session, learn how SAP HANA Cloud Platform addresses these challenges and hear practical guidance on how to use the platform to build and integrate applications that meet your security requirements.
SEC104:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:SAP NetWeavercolon Benefit from New and Enhanced Security Features:Learn how to use the unified connectivity (UCON) framework for securing remote function calls (RFCs). UCON reduces the potential attack surface by providing a simple process and tool set for drastically decreasing the number of remote-enabled function modules (RFMs) that are accessible from outside. This session also explains how to improve your authorization management with new functionality in the profile generator (PFCG) feature of the SAP NetWeaver technology platform.
SEC105:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:SAP Cloudcolon Robust Security Controls Based on Best Practices:Security is a key differentiator for customers when choosing cloud solutions. This session explains our comprehensive security approach for the SAP Cloud portfolio, how our security controls go beyond industry standards, and why customers can trust our security concepts.
SEC106:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:The Cloud Solution for Authentication, Single Sign-On, and User Management:This lecture provides an overview of the SAP Cloud Identity service, our offering for authentication and identity management in the cloud. Learn about the new features like two-factor authentication and single sign-on for cloud solutions from SAP including SAP S/4HANA, SAP HANA Cloud Portal, the SuccessFactors Employee Central solution, the SAP Mobile Documents solution, and more. Explore the possibilities for on-premise integration and the strategy for the future.
SEC107:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:\"Access\"ing Your SAP Security Data:This session covers the utilization of Microsoft Access to perform various types of SAP security data analysis. We include a high-level overview of SAP security structure, an overview of Microsoft Access basics and the presentation of database examples. Database examples includecolon daily analysis requests, periodic analysis requests, and a security upgrade analysis database.
SEC108:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:How Pratt & Whitney Streamlined Their ABAP Security Code Review Process:Pratt and Whitney, a United Technologies company, is continually developing new ABAP applications and enhancements for their SAP systems. In this session, they show how they implemented a change process that includes automated code scanning. This reduced the time and cost spent on code security reviews and improved the quality of their code as well.
SEC109:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:How Will You Prepare for SAP Identity Management 8?:SAP Identity Management 8 is out and represents a paradigm shift in how we will use and implement the tool in the landscape. How should organizations prepare for these changes from data, implementation, and organizational perspectives? More importantly, how will you as a security professional, project manager, ID management developer, or BASIS administrator prepare?
SEC110:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Upgrading SAP Access Control and Other GRC Solutions from 10.0 to 10:This session discusses the steps taken to upgrade to SAP Access Control, SAP Process Control, and SAP Risk Management from 10.0 to 10.1.  Included are the analysis prior to the upgrade, the steps taken to upgrade, and the lessons learned.
SEC160:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Hands-On Labcolon An Introduction to Using Key Features in SAP Access Control:This hands-on session provides step-by-step instruction so you can fully utilize the main new features in the SAP Access Control application, including integration with SAP Fiori apps. Walk through the key steps in reviewing user access. Understand all the activities involved in a firefighting session. Learn how to submit and approve requests for user access.
SEC161:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Configuring and Managing Security on SAP HANAcolon A Hands-On Approach:Sensitive data is hacked every day. Learn how to properly secure your SAP HANA platform and data. Explore security concepts regarding SAP HANA multitenant database containers. Manage users; authentication; and authorization of data, models, and objects. Understand secure development methods including the creation and transport of design time roles and objects. Define and apply audit policies. View and manage audit logs. See how to enable the encryption of communications and data.
SEC162:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Single Sign-On and Authorizations for SAP Fiori Made Simple:The SAP Fiori user experience simplifies access to the SAP ERP application with easy-to-use Web applications for mobile and desktop workers. Yet traditional SAP scenarios run with the SAP GUI interface. Simplify single sign-on with one solution for both. Rely on the SAP Single Sign-On application for Kerberos authentication in your corporate network using Microsoft Active Directory. Learn best practices for maintaining authorizations. See how this also works when you run SAP Fiori as a service.
SEC163:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Single Sign-On for Cloud Applications with SAP Cloud Identity Service:Learn how to secure access to cloud solutions from SAP. Understand how to use the SAP Cloud Identity service to configure browser-based single sign-on for popular cloud applications like SAP S/4HANA, SAP HANA Cloud Portal, the SAP Cloud for Customer solution, and the SAP Jam social software platform. Get hands-on experience in configuring identity federation scenarios like social sign-on and setting up two-factor authentication to protect your cloud applications.
SEC200:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Security in Different SAP HANA Scenarioscolon Safeguarding Access and Data:This session provides a starting point and overview of what IT security experts need to understand about SAP HANA platform security in order to comply with security-relevant regulations and policies. Learn how to protect your implementation of SAP HANA and the data within from unauthorized access. Understand how the different scenarios supported by SAP HANA influence the security approach.
SEC201:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:What's New in SAP Identity Management 8.0:Learn how the SAP Identity Management 8.0 component improves operations and lowers cost of ownership. Find out how it runs on SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE) and the SAP HANA database. Explore its new diagnostics and troubleshooting tools; rapid-deployment solution; enhanced access control integration; and connectivity with the SAP BusinessObjects BI portfolio and solutions from SuccessFactors, an SAP company. Discover how the SAP Cloud Identity service enables many hybrid scenarios.
SEC202:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Cross-System Security Validation Using SAP Solution Manager:Running secure business systems requires not only secure configuration, but also regular validation to \"stay clean.\" Get help with self-services and tools centered around reports containing rich security insight from SAP EarlyWatch services. Check if your system matches corporate security policies with the SAP Security Optimization service and the configuration validation functionality of SAP Solution Manager. Move from simple reporting to continuous, effective security validation.
SEC203:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Hacking and Protecting RFC Communication:Do your technical users in remote function call (RFC) destinations have full system access with SAP_ALL authorization? Can your end users start any RFC function module due to unrestricted S_RFC authorization? Do you need to improve access control for RFC callback or the RFC gateway? If yes, this session is for you. Watch hacking demos that illustrate misuse of insecure configuration. Learn how to configure RFC communication securely. Explore improved and new mechanisms for RFC access control.
SEC204:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Implementing Security Notes from SAPcolon Tools and Best Practices:This session shows how to better consume security notes by setting up a monthly patch process based on the application system recommendations in SAP Solution Manager. Learn how the integration of usage procedure logging (UPL) and the business process change analyzer (BPCA) can help you identify business processes that might be affected by implementing security notes. See how the SAP Enterprise Threat Detection acts as an additional line of defense to buy more time for the patching process.
SEC206:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Deploying SAP Fiori to Meet the Needs of Your Current Security Model:Visit the concepts, approach, and design that Boston University took in making SAP Fiori work in their existing security environment. Challenges included integrating with existing single sign-on architecture, multi-factor authentication, automated role provisioning (with SAP Access Control) and a predefined user experience strategy.
SEC207:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Implement SAP Single Sign-On with X509 Authentication to Secure Connections:Have you considered implementing the SAP Single Sign-on SNC solution to secure your connections to SAP systems? We implemented it using a two factor X509 authentication. In this session, we cover securing your SAPGUI logins, and all interfaces using NCO, JCO or the SAP NetWeaver RFC libraries. We walk through the issues and lessons learned implementing globally across 3,500 clients for our complete SAP landscape.
SEC208:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:SAP Customer Connection for Access Controlcolon Co-innovation for the win:SAP has invited user group members including ASUG and DSAG members to participate in several Customer Connection projects for SAP Access Control. In this session, you will learn about these opportunities to work with SAP to influence the future direction of SAP Access Control, hear details about the improvements already delivered that were a result of the 2013 project, get an update on the timeline of the 2015 project, and learn how to get involved.
SEC209:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Leveraging a Secure SSO Strategy to Enhance UX for Users Enterprise-Wide:EY assisted Johnson Controls in developing a robust SSO design and consistent UX. In collaboration with SAP, the solution included SAML2.0 and Kerberos stds and provides simplicity and security for SAP Fiori, SAP NetWeaver Business Client, and 3rd-party tools. The enhanced UX for JCI customers and partners is in alignment with cloud and mobile applications. To select a product, the team ran an independent evaluation based on 20+ criteria yielding SAP Single Sign-On 2.0 as the best-fit solution.
SEC260:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Combat Cybercrime with SAP Enterprise Threat Detection:The new SAP Enterprise Threat Detection application helps identify real attacks on your business systems as they are happening. Analyze threats quickly enough to neutralize them before serious damage occurs and use data mining in historic data for great insights. In this hands-on session, we discuss and use several methods of handling critical threat situations on an ABAP system. This includes building monitoring patterns, auto-detect attacks, and utilizing advanced forensic research features.
SEC261:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Experience New Features in SAP Identity Management 8.0:This session gives you a hands-on opportunity to configure the latest version of the SAP Identity Management component. Explore its new ability to integrate with the cloud. Work with the newly developed connector for SAP Cloud Identity software and solutions from SuccessFactors, an SAP company. Run these as part of SAP Identity Management 8.0 installed on SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE).
SEC263:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Risk-Based Authentication for SAP Fiori and SAP Enterprise Portal:Companies are opening their systems for external access using any device. This increases productivity, yet poses a security risk. Multifactor authentication adds an extra layer of security, but also brings usability issues. This session describes how the SAP Single Sign-On application helps organizations balance security and usability thanks to risk-based authentication and context-based authorizations for SAP Fiori apps and the SAP Enterprise Portal component.
SEC264:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Secure ABAP Development – One Bug Is Enough to Put Your Application at Risk:End users can utilize your tried-and-true custom ABAP programs in different scenarios – some of which you may not have anticipated. It is more important than ever for developers to understand how to write secure code. See how SAP’s security code scan technology can assist you by providing guidance just when you need it the most.
SEC360:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Connect Your IoT Devices to SAP HANA Cloud Platform Securely and Scalably:The data on your numerous Internet of Things (IoT) devices traverses a long way until it reaches your end point in the cloud. Confidentiality and integrity of communication are a must for each of your devices. This session explains how to leverage SAP's automated, scalable, and secure on-boarding mechanisms for IoT by communicating with the IoT services that run on SAP HANA Cloud Platform.
SEC600:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Integrating SAP Cloud Identity Service into Your Application:This session guides you through the steps of integrating your application with SAP Cloud Identity service. Learn how to enable the full screen, overlay, and widget type of end user interfaces. Collaborate with SAP developers to share experiences and discuss how a given scenario can best be integrated with SAP Cloud Identity service.
SEC700:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Risk-Based Authentication in Action:Secure authentication is a prerequisite for companies to open up their systems for external access beyond the corporate desktop. While multifactor authentication adds the required extra layer of security, it reduces usability. See how SAP Single Sign-On allows you to write policy scripts that are tailored to your requirements. Learn how to trigger multifactor authentication using one-time passwords and reduce backend authorizations, all in response to the current authentication context and risk.
SEC701:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:SAP Identity Management Performance Optimization:In this code review session, you learn tips and tricks for configuration of SAP Identity Management in order to optimize jobs execution performance, leveraging development trace levels between development, quality, and productive systems.
SEC702:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Securely Calling RESTful Services in Your ABAP Application:Ever wonder how to secure your code that consumes OData services? In this Code Review session, we use examples to discuss best of breed technologies like OAuth2, XSRF protection, and proper SSL usage directly in your code.
SEC703:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Troubleshoot Your SAP Identity Management:In this session, you  have the chance to look at the most common issues that are faced in an SAP Identity Management installation and how you can troubleshoot them. Feel free to come up with your own issue and we can troubleshoot it together.
SEC704:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Defend Your SAP HANA Cloud Platform Application Against Cyber Attacks:The session takes a look into the code of a badly designed application running on SAP HANA Cloud Platform which is vulnerable to attacks such as XSS, CSRF, and identity theft. It will exploit the attacks and you will learn how to fix them!
SEC800:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Cloud Identity Service:In this road map session, we give an overview about our plans for the on-demand solution SAP Cloud Identity service. In addition to product features and functions, we cover SAP's strategy to offer single sign-on across its various cloud offerings, including SAP S4/HANA, SAP HANA Cloud Platform, SuccessFactors solutions, and SAP Cloud for Customer. We also provide information on supported standards for integrating cloud solutions with on-premise landscapes in identity federation scenarios.
SEC801:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Enterprise Threat Detection:SAP systems are increasingly in the sights of potential attackers who know that critical business data is to be found there. SAP Enterprise Threat Detection leverages the real-time power of SAP HANA to enable you to identify attacks as they are happening and to analyze the threats quickly enough to neutralize them before serious damage can occur. In this session, learn about our plans for expanding its capabilities and its integration possibilities.
SEC802:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Identity Management:SAP Identity Management helps companies centrally manage their user accounts in a complex system landscape, including both SAP and non-SAP systems. It protects your applications and data with tools that manage user access, integrates with company processes, ensures compliance, and can pave the way for greater productivity. Learn more about the new features and functions planned for the next releases, including support for additional databases and connectivity enhancements.
SEC803:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Mobile Documents:SAP Mobile Documents is a secure ready-to-use file share and synchronization solution that comes with native clients. It integrates with other content management solutions, such as Microsoft SharePoint, as well as SAP Business Suite applications. You can adapt SAP Mobile Documents to meet specific user needs by integrating it into your own app coding. Hear an overview on the next steps in development as well as our vision to ease content consumption in content-related business processes.
SEC804:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP NetWeaver AS, Add-On for Code Vulnerability Analysis:Security is no longer considered a luxury in IT systems. Your tried-and-true custom programs built on the ABAP programming language could be used in different scenarios, some of which you may not have anticipated. It is more important than ever for developers to understand how to write secure code. This session provides an overview of the new features and functions planned for the SAP NetWeaver Application Server, add-on for code vulnerability analysis.
SEC805:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Road Map Q&Acolon Security Products by SAP:SAP security products help safeguard your valuable information assets and support you in protecting your enterprise operations. The solution portfolio includes applications for identity and access management, threat detection, secure programming, and mobile and data security. In this session, find out more about the continuous evolution of our security products portfolio and learn about new features and enhancements planned for upcoming releases.
SEC806:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Single Sign-On:SAP Single Sign-On enables companies to eliminate the need for multiple passwords and user IDs. It lowers the risks of unsecured login information, contributes to a reduction of help desk calls, and helps ensure the confidentiality and security of personal and company data. Find out more about the planned features and functions for our next releases, including mobile scenarios and single sign-on for high-security applications.
SEC807:Security, Secure Development, and Configuration:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Access Control:With SAP Access Control, you can move beyond manual processes for managing segregation of duties, critical and sensitive access, and super-user access. Learn how the application automates the compliant provisioning of users, design of roles, and periodic user and role certifications. In this session, learn about our plans for expanding its capabilities and addressing the key needs of the new trends.
TEC100:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:A Comprehensive Introduction to SAP HANA:SAP HANA is a single platform for building holistic end-to-end apps and a foundation for current and future SAP, partner, and customer apps. This session explains the technological underpinnings of SAP HANA and the key technical features delivered. It uses live application and customer usage scenarios to highlight ways to adopt and deploy SAP HANA.
TEC101:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:ABAP Road Map:The ABAP platform serves as a solid base for mission-critical business systems and provides a mature environment to develop enterprise-ready business applications. This session shows how the ABAP platform plans to strengthen these core assets and covers SAP Fiori UX, SAP HANA, Industry 4.0, and SAP Cloud scenarios. One core topic will be the role of the ABAP platform in SAP S/4HANA including the new ABAP-based programming model and the handling of extensions and custom code in SAP S/4HANA.
TEC102:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Overview of Features, Functions, and Services in SAP Security Products:SAP security products help safeguard your valuable information assets and support you in protecting your enterprise operations. The solution portfolio includes applications for identity and access management, threat detection, secure programming, and mobile and data security. Find out more about the continuous evolution of our security products portfolio and learn about upcoming new features and enhancements.
TEC103:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP S/4HANA Overview, Strategy, and Road Map:SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) is our next -generation business suite. This new product is built on the SAP HANA platform and designed with SAP Fiori user experience. SAP S/4HANA follows our vision to provide customers with a real real-time platform, integrated advanced user experience, and connection to business networks. In this session, we provide the SAP S/4HANA overall picture and give an insight into the strategy and road map of this flagship.
TEC104:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the IoTcolon Value, Strategy, and Use Cases:The Internet of Things (IoT) is a major driver of growth for the IT industry. Learn about SAP's role and strategy in this market and gain insights into the value of modern IoT platforms and how they differ from classical telemetry and M2M solutions. Get an overview of the development road map and architecture of the SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the IoT and understand how it meets the requirements of a large variety of applications. See the platform in action with real-life scenarios and a demo.
TEC105:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP HANA Road Map:Get an update on the road map for the SAP HANA platform and a general overview on the platform’s current and planned capabilities.
TEC106:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:The Impact of SAP's Hybrid Cloud Strategy on IT Landscapes:This session provides an overview of SAP's cloud application and platform-as-a-service portfolio. Learn about cloud development and extensions using SAP HANA Cloud Platform; hybrid cloud integration with SAP HANA Cloud Integration; and application lifecycle management for different cloud models. Understand hybrid scenarios using cloud applications such as SuccessFactors and Ariba offerings, and SAP Cloud for Customer. Gain insight into managed and public cloud deployment options for SAP S/4HANA.
TEC108:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Real-Time Traffic and Tour Execution Visibility with SAP Connected Logistic:SAP Connected Logistics is the first Internet of Things application from SAP provided as a public cloud offering on SAP HANA Cloud Platform. It was developed in a co-innovation mode with Hamburg Port Authority and T-Systems. In this session we talk about the major enhancements in the form of analytics on traffic and tour data for carriers, analytics on traffic buildup for hub managers, and actual capacity visibility through automated interfaces.
TEC109:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Open Source in SAP's Open Platform:SAP uses thousands of open source components and participates in several open source projects including Cloud Foundry, Apache Olingo, and Open UI5. At SAP, open source is a strategic tool to foster open innovation, drive community adoption, simplify access to SAP technology for the partner ecosystem, and build customer confidence in SAP as a provider of open solutions. Using concrete examples, this session describes SAP's open source policies, processes, best practices, and key projects.
TEC110:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Best Practice for Releasing Products to SAP HANA Cloud Platform:Are you  interested in developing  a product for the cloud? Do you already have concrete plans to bring a product to the cloud? In this session you will learn about cloud-related topics such as  development and test landscape, test strategy, user onboarding, user management, release strategy including software delivery, operation, and maintenance, and user support. The session focuses on SAP HANA Cloud Platform and  includes examples and demos from SAP Sports One.
TEC111:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Build Smart, Run Simple with SAP S/4HANA:Find out how to get started on an SAP S/4HANA implementation with fully configured software and ready-to-run business processes based on SAP Best Practices. Accelerate time to value with preconfigured business processes, integration, and migration best practices. Learn how to get a  jump-start for your deployments, in the cloud and anywhere.
TEC112:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Key User Interface Technologies in SAP S/4HANA:Learn about the user interface (UI) technologies that are used in SAP S/4HANA, including SAP Fiori user experience, FPM, and WDA. Find out which UI technologies are used in the cloud edition and in the on-premise edition of SAP S/4HANA.
TEC113:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP S/4HANA Integration and Hybrid Deployment Models:SAP S/4HANA natively integrates with all product editions of SAP’s existing cloud offerings, including those from Success Factors, Ariba, hybris, and Fieldglass. In this session you get an insight into SAP’s preconfigured integration packages and the integration content and APIs needed to exchange compatible data within the SAP S/4HANA product family. Integration is also ensured by consistent master data mapping throughout the process.
TEC114:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP S/4HANA Migration and Upgrade Paths:In this session we will give you an insight into migration paths to SAP S/4HANA, which is the next-generation business suite from SAP. We will sketch the concepts for the initial data load into the different deployment options for SAP S/4HANA.
TEC115:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:How SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud Can Help You Transition to the Cloud:This lecture provides an overview of SAP’s managed cloud offering, SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud. With this service, customers can run their business-critical applications in a stable and secure cloud environment. Learn how you can benefit from SAP’s new technologies and from best practices for a successful onboarding, such as establishing project phases, tasks, technical steps, and roles and responsibilities. We pay special attention to concrete customer examples and project statistics.
TEC116:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Key Use Cases for SAP S/4HANA and How to Enable Them Technically:Learn why and how SAP S/4HANA enables the digital transformation of businesses. This session explains key use-case scenarios that are helpful in driving the transformation and a compelling case to start your journey towards SAP S/4HANA. We explain the business drivers and the technology concepts – both important to understanding and applying the right way in your landscape.
TEC119:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Transform Your Business with SAP HANA, SAPUI5, and SAP Lumira:Join us and discover how Fiat Chrysler Automobiles was able to combine the power of SAP HANA, the simplicity of SAPUI5, and the flexibility of SAP Lumira to simplify and accelerate their finance and controlling operations. The project was delivered in a short timeframe, without business disruption, and maximizing the engagement of the business community.
TEC122:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Building the Business Case for SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA:The University of Mississippi shares their approach and strategy for building a business case for upgrading their on-premise SAP Business Suite solutions to SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA. The progress made towards  the roll out will also be discussed.
TEC125:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:How ABAP Push Channels Help with Orders and Deliveries at a Concrete Co.:ABAP Push Channels are a cutting edge SAP technology which replaces performance intensive constant polling with a \"publish and subscribe\" mechanism to receive messages from inside and outside your SAP system. Hear how an Australian building materials company used this technology to improve the speed of both call center processing times (incoming phone call notifications) and the communication of entered sales orders to delivery dispatchers (communication between SAP application servers).
TEC126:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Education and Knowledge Transfer with SAP Workforce Performance Builder:This lecture showcases ways that SAP organizes and delivers user training and onboarding. Get an insight into how SAP runs SAP to enable knowledge transfer for hands-on exercise sessions and context-sensitive user assistance within SAP S/4HANA. Learn how to create and roll out content by using the SAP Mobile Documents solution.
TEC127:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:From Omnichannel Commerce to Customer Engagement and Commerce:Which are the new requirements in a commerce world dominated by customer engagement? How do we address those from a solution, architecture, and technology strategy perspective? Learn more about integration aspects, what technology enablers are necessary to engage in a contextual meaningful way with your customers, and a solution which delivers the unique experience to your consumers.
TEC160:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP Technology Highlightscolon Putting Them All Together:This session provides an overview of the comprehensive SAP technology offerings. It reviews the following technologies that are related to the SAP HANA platformcolon SAP Lumira, SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio, smart data streaming, the Internet of Things, SAP HANA development, ABAP, core data services, OData, SAPUI5, SAP Screen Personas, and UI theme designer.
TEC200:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Executing the User Experience Strategy:Do you know how to make the right user experience (UX) decisions and how SAP offerings can help you? We will explain not only the value of UX but also how to get a remarkable return on investment. Learn  how to select applications, tools, technologies,  and services provided by SAP. Hear what other customers decided to do as they share their experiences. And learn about SAP’s future UX direction.
TEC201:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Overview of SAP NetWeaver 7.4 and Outlook to SAP NetWeaver 7.5:SAP NetWeaver 7.4 is a highly adopted foundation for SAP Business Suite and for the SAP NetWeaver hubs. This session gives an overview of the major capabilities of version 7.4, including optimized access to SAP HANA with powerful Eclipse and Web-based tools, and provides a road map to version 7.5, which will also be the foundation for SAP S/4HANA.
TEC204:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP Runs SAPcolon How SAP Deployed Its Internal ERP System on SAP S/4HANA:This session focuses on SAP’s successful implementation of the SAP Business Suite on SAP HANA and the migration to S/4HANA. Explore the international adoption road map for the implementation and learn best practices involved in setting up the project. We talk about insights gained from performance testing and look at how SAP runs its ERP system on S/4HANA. We'll go over our project plan to implement S/4HANA OP1503 SAP internally; we’ll look at the steps needed to ensure a successful migration.
TEC205:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Unleash the Value of Clinical Data for Personalized Medicine:Patients are looking for new engagement and treatment experiences. This session demonstrates how researchers, doctors, pharma companies, and partners can use the SAP HANA platform to make advances in healthcare. Learn how they can gain insights from structured and unstructured data sources for better decision support. Focus areas are the clinical data model, the text analytics and genomics pipeline, and the possibility for partners and developers to build medical applications on top.
TEC206:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Architecture and Components of SAP S/4HANA:Learn how the new product SAP S/4HANA is structured and what is included in the cloud edition and on-premise edition deployment options. Discover how companies can move forward from SAP ERP to SAP S/4HANA. Become familiar with the road map for industries, former new dimension products, and add-ons.
TEC207:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Built-in Operational Real-Time Analytics with SAP S/4HANA:This session explores the concept of analytics using SAP S/4HANA. It centers on and explains the idea of built-in operational real-time analytics. The current state of development for SAP S/4HANA analytics will be discussed, as well as the road map for future development.
TEC208:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Extensibility Concepts for SAP S/4HANA:In-app extensibility in SAP S/4HANA allows users to add fields, tables, and business logic in an already rich and powerful application. This session shows how SAP HANA Cloud Platform, as the in-­memory platform-as-a-service, enables customers, partners, and developers to build, extend, and run next-generation applications on SAP HANA in the cloud.
TEC209:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:How SAP HANA Cloud Platform Helps Bring Mobility to the Tire Sales Process:The sales process for Discount Tire starts and is driven by the visit to the customer's vehicle. Capturing more and better data at the beginning of this process drives better decisions throughout the rest of the sales process, resulting in a much improved customer experience. We leveraged the capabilities of the SAP HANA Cloud Platform, SAP HANA, and SAP Fiori to quickly deliver a working solution.
TEC213:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Delivering a Global BI Solutioncolon The Reality on the Ground:Delivery of global BI solutions encompassing self-service, in-memory, mobile, agility, and data discovery is often hampered by something not typically discussed – the reality on the ground. Integration of a BI platform with the data warehouse, infrastructure, and the reliance on service packs or road maps are a few of many complicating factors. We discuss realities facing the IT department using a real-life scenario – a five year program to deliver a single instance global BI solution.
TEC215:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:How TE Connectivity Simplified its SAP Architecture and Ecosystems:IT organizations around the world are increasingly realizing that being successful requires more than an efficient software and hardware implementation. Hear some insights into how TE Connectivity simplified its SAP achitecture and ecosystem to empower business by adopting architectural strategies to position various emerging SAP tools and technologies like SAP Fiori, SAPUI5, SAP Web IDE, SAP NetWeaver Business Client, SAP Screen Personas, SAP Gateway, and SAP HANA in their overall IT footprint.
TEC216:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Integrating Data Volume Management and Information Lifecycle Management:NextEra Energy, a leading provider of clean energy relies on SAP software to manage business functions in financials, human resources, supply chain, and more. ERP system growth, managed cost control, and regulatory requirements are constant motivations behind the company’s investment in DVM and ILM. To be positioned for new initiatives, adaptation to SAP HANA, and long-term data retention management, information management partnered with the company’s business units to adapt best practices.
TEC219:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP Architecture Support for Enterprise Architects:The world of SAP technology is always changing and enterprise architects (EAs) are looking for the most current and relevant information to recommend and execute on solid design and strategy. This session is designed for the new and maturing EAs and those that perform solution architecture with SAP software. From discovery to execution, we cover what you need to know. This session includes newer releases of tools like SAP Solution Explorer, road maps, and innovation discovery for SAP products.
TEC220:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP hybris Marketingcolon Technology Innovation for a New Marketing Experience:Learn how SAP provides leading-edge technology innovations in the SAP hybris Marketing solution to deliver high business value. Today’s marketing builds on Big Data, and SAP hybris Marketing combines the capabilities of SAP HANA software, such as high-speed computation for customer segmentation, text analysis for social sentiments, and predictive algorithms for product recommendations, with the SAP JAM social software platform and SAP Lumira software to provide a new marketing experience.
TEC221:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Store 360colon Real-Time Visibility and Forecast Across All Products and Stores:After the global LuLu Group implemented Store 360, their stores have real-time visibility into forecast accuracy across all products and stores aggregated across the product hierarchy. They can slice and dice data at any level. With SAP HANA, they now have the affinity and cannibalization relationships in one solution and can get any info across 40 billion records in less than 2 seconds. Store 360 provides a forecasting system that self-learns and accordingly makes changes to future forecasts.
TEC222:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Siemens Cloud for Industry powered by SAP HANA Cloud Platform:The Siemens Cloud for Industry is powered by the SAP HANA Cloud Platform. It is designed to be an open Internet of Things platform for industrial customers – open to customer innovation, open to partner innovation, open to industrial machines based on the OPC standard and open to various back-end systems. Besides giving an overview of the platform, the Siemens team will give insight into their capabilities and road map, and how you can get engaged. Look forward to some demos of its key features.
TEC223:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:SAP HANA Acceleratorscolon Making the Side Car Your Main Car:SAP HANA accelerators are an extremely powerful and cost effective way of increasing a customer's investment in SAP HANA. With two flavors – ERP accelerators and business application accelerators – a multitude of transactions, interfaces, and reports can be enhanced to reduce database access times to near zero. IBC is helping numerous customers maximize these functions and provide results that include lower database usage, improved end user satisfaction, and increased productivity.
TEC260:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:IoT Made Simplecolon Connect Sensors and Devices with Existing Processes:Ever wanted to do Internet of Things (IoT) and integrate devices and sensors into your current business? In this session, you get an overview of available techniques and learn how to accomplish that. Based on an end-to-end maintenance scenario, you learn how to integrate a device easily, define rules and conditions, and trigger notifications, workflows, and work orders. Focus will be cloud related but can be applied on-premise as well. See how simple it is to do IoT with different SAP solutions.
TEC300:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Real-Time Abnormality Detection Using Statistical Process Control (SPC):Asian Paints’ plant in Rohtak, India is set to be the largest global paint facility by 2016. With advanced machinery and the ability to capture data points at every stage of the production, they are taking their plant to the next level with the Internet of Things. The Statistical Process Control application gives them greater control in avoiding loss and improving the quality of the production process. Asian Paints is delving next into predictive maintenance, smart rule management, and more.
TEC800:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP HANA:This road map and Q&A session is about the SAP HANA platform and a general overview of its current and planned capabilities.
TEC802:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP NetWeaver:SAP NetWeaver 7.4 has quickly matured to a highly adopted foundation and platform for SAP Business Suite (Enhancement Package 7 for SAP ERP) and for the SAP NetWeaver hubs (SAP Enterprise Portal, SAP BW, SAP Process Orchestration). This session provides an overview of the major capabilities of release 7.4 and a road map towards the next release version 7.5 which is planned to be the foundation for the next enhancement package of SAP Business Suite and SAP S/4HANA.
TEC803:Technology, Strategy, and Innovations:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP S/4HANA:SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) is our next-generation business suite. It is a new product fully built on the SAP HANA platform and designed with SAP Fiori user experience. SAP S/4HANA follows our vision for a perfect enterprise to provide customers with a real-time platform, integrated advanced user experience, and also connected to business networks. In this session, we provide the SAP S/4HANA overall picture and give an insight into the strategy and road map of this flagship.
UX100:User Experience Design and Technology:\"User Experience as a Service\" for Business Analysts and Developers:How can you help ensure broad user adoption of your SAP investments? What if you could dramatically improve the user experience of your systems on your own, without expensive upgrades or consultants? SAP has launched an exciting service that gives you practical examples of the latest designs such as SAP Fiori apps, but can also leverage effective tools, templates, and content to customize them for your specific needs. See what the buzz is all about.
UX101:User Experience Design and Technology:See How a Better User Experience Generates Value for Your IT Organization:Take advantage of tips and tricks from more than 300 customer projects and learn to generate business value through a user experience. Apply user-centric design methodologies to your IT projects to provide intuitive solutions that increase user productivity, reduce training costs, reduce IT support tickets, cut down the number of change requests, and improve user satisfaction. Free up time to work on innovation projects in your IT organization.
UX102:User Experience Design and Technology:Explore Release 2.0 of SAP Fiori:Get an overview of the new features in SAP Fiori user experience. Learn how you can use the overview page, dynamic side content, notification center, save-draft function, object page, and multi-instance floor plan.
UX103:User Experience Design and Technology:Creating Your Customer User Experience Road Map:This lecture outlines best practices for building your own user experience (UX) strategy. Learn how other customers started this journey, including the tools, methods, and templates they used. Find out how you can engage with your end users, set up workshops to identify UX issues, and leverage best practices to move forward.
UX104:User Experience Design and Technology:Project “Engage”colon Connect Business Content and Conversations:Connect business apps and the conversations that drive business with project “Engage.” Users can start a chat with any contact across devices; capture the context; and share it as a picture, live link, or formatted data. Attend this session to learn how this business chat app can help you increase productivity and complement other collaboration capabilities.
UX105:User Experience Design and Technology:User Experience Return on Investment:A great user experience (UX) lowers costs, improves productivity, and leads to a more personalized and profitable outcome. In fact, studies have shown that, when done right, every $1 invested in UX can return as much as $100. But how can this be achieved? This session provides real-world examples of some of the latest best practices for simplifying and enhancing the user experience, resulting in a swift and solid ROI.
UX106:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Fiori Launchpadcolon Overview and Recommendations:SAP Fiori launchpad offers a role-based, personalized, real-time, and contextual aggregation point for SAP business applications and analytics. This session provides an overview of SAP Fiori launchpad, as well as its benefits, key capabilities, services, and recommendations for administrators.
UX107:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP HANA Cloud Portalcolon Overview, Scenarios, and Enhancements:Join this session to get an overview of SAP HANA Cloud Portal – and learn how you can easily create engaging business sites and solution extensions. This session explores benefits, showcases and key capabilities, recent innovations, and recommendations for developers creating solution extensions for software from SuccessFactors, an SAP company.
UX108:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP NetWeaver Business Client, Release 5.0colon Strategy and Outlook:SAP NetWeaver Business Client software supports SAP's holistic user experience strategy by providing one point of access for all expert users of on-premise SAP Business Suite applications. This includes SAP GUI for Microsoft Windows, Web Dynpro development environment, and, eventually, SAP Fiori user experience. Watch live demos and videos to learn how you can bridge the gap between the established and new SAP user experience.
UX109:User Experience Design and Technology:Update on SAP GUI and How It Fits Into SAP's UI Strategy:This session provides an update on what is new and remarkable in SAP GUI, the graphical user interface (GUI) that runs on external environments, such as Microsoft Windows and Java, and allows users to access functionality in SAP applications. Learn about incorporating SAP GUI with SAP's UI strategy, and get the latest information on client software rollouts and installation for multiple SAP clients.
UX110:User Experience Design and Technology:Bringing Visual Applications into SAP Fiori:Graphical 2D and 3D map-based applications can help you visualize a large amount of data in scenarios, like Internet of Things or Industry 4.0. This presentation provides an overview of existing SAP technologies, as well as the capabilities of tools and product road maps.
UX111:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Fiori Appscolon An Overview:Learn which SAP Fiori apps exist and where to find an overview of available apps. See demos of representative SAP Fiori apps, find out how to configure app tiles in SAP Fiori launchpad, learn how to theme SAP Fiori apps, and witness SAP Fiori apps running on a smart watch.
UX112:User Experience Design and Technology:Being in the Driver's Seat with OpenUI5 – A Field Report from SAS and SAP:SAS decided shortly after OpenUI5 became public to design upcoming Web applications with OpenUI5. Learn why SAS switched gears from using Dojo to OpenUI5, and has since been moving full-speed ahead. Watch live product demos that demonstrate preconfigured OpenUI5 functionality along with customizations that SAS has added, and hear how SAS is making contributions back to the OpenUI5 community.
UX113:User Experience Design and Technology:Applying UI Theme Designer to SAP Fiori and SAP NetWeaver Business Client:In this session, learn how to use the latest release of UI theme designer to apply a corporate style to SAP Fiori user experience and SAP NetWeaver Business Client software. Get the latest information on theming of SAP Fiori launchpad, SAPUI5 mobile library, and SAP NetWeaver Business Client. Explore the integration of Web Dynpro for ABAP, Floor Plan Manager, and SAP GUI for HTML using quick and expert theming and cascading style sheets (CSS).
UX114:User Experience Design and Technology:Building Custom SAP Fiori Apps Using SAP Web IDE:This presentation explains and shows the functions and features of SAP Web IDE including how easy and fast SAP Fiori apps can be built with this development environment. We also discuss how SAP Fiori apps can be hosted in an on-premise or cloud environment. See how to create Web services and how they can be integrated into an SAP Fiori application and the end2end steps of building a store SAP Fiori application using SAP HANA Cloud Platform and with on-premise data.
UX115:User Experience Design and Technology:Deploying SAP Fiori for an Amazing Mobile User Experience:Take the journey with Boston University through the successes and hurdles to deploying SAP Fiori. Learn how the project scope was set and the technical architecture requirements sized and built. Hear how easy the SAP Fiori applications worked out of the box and how to manage testing. Deployment and adoption strategies used will be highlighted. Finally, learn how Boston University created a road map for future SAP Fiori rollouts, upgrades, and staff development.
UX116:User Experience Design and Technology:ASUG Influence Council Open Meeting colon SAP Portals:SAP values the customer feedback gained via the Influence Program. By working collaboratively with ASUG members to identify and address customer concerns, SAP can leverage the feedback and innovative ideas to enhance the product. Join the ASUG SAP Portals Influence Council's Open Meeting to learn about the SAP Enterprise Portal latest enhancements and product direction, and see if you would like to join the council to further influence and enhance the product.
UX117:User Experience Design and Technology:Early Adoption Services and SAP Screen Personas 3.0:This is the long awaited all-HTML version of SAP Screen Personas. SAP Screen Personas 3.0 is the most advanced solution developed to date. Understand the basics and find priority enablement destinations for SAP users experience.
UX118:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Screen Personas Version 2 to 3colon Migration and New Opportunities:Steve Rumsby has been working with SAP Screen Personas since mid-2013 and the product has been live at the University of Warwick for almost 2 years. He was part of the ramp-up program for SAP Personas version 3 and so has been working with it for over a year already. This session will cover the migration process from version 2 to version 3 and presents some new developments made possible by the enhanced features of version 3.
UX119:User Experience Design and Technology:Creating a Valuable New Procurement Tool with SAP Screen Personas:Learn how Freescale Semiconductor used SAP Screen Personas to customize and simplify its global procurement business process. The functional team lead for the project will discuss Freescale's implementation strategy, best practices, lessons learned, and how the company is effectively utilizing this software today.
UX120:User Experience Design and Technology:Design Thinking and a User-Centric, Collaborative Approach to UX Strategy:This session shares how Johns Hopkins employed Design Thinking as part of a comprehensive SAP user experience strategy. We introduce the topics of Design Thinking, qualitative user research, and collaborative design. We review SAP's recent offerings in UI technologies and published strategies regarding user experience and discuss their impact on customers' UX strategies. We then detail how Johns Hopkins applied these techniques and leveraged SAP's offerings in an ambitious UX redesign.
UX121:User Experience Design and Technology:Design Thinking and the State of Indiana:With budgets tightening and expectations from citizens increasing, innovative solutions for governments to both new and long-standing problems are needed more than ever. Significant advancements in technology have created an abundance of opportunity for state agencies to better serve. As a national leader, the State of Indiana recognizes that solving the right problems is key to fully realizing benefits for citizens. It uses Design Thinking to develop and formalize use cases to improve lives.
UX122:User Experience Design and Technology:Fisker Automotive's Implementation of SAP Fiori and SAP Screen Personas:Fisker decided to utilize SAP Fiori, SAP Screen Personas, Webdynpro, and SAP Business Explorer Web applications to create a richer user experience using SAP Fiori launchpad. This allows them the opportunity to create efficiencies with their business process, reduce training times, and reduce times on repeated activities.  This presentation provides key points about landscape design options, technical challenges and solutions, project methodology, and key learning points.
UX124:User Experience Design and Technology:Intel’s Best Practices for Improving UX with SAP NetWeaver Business Client:Take control and change user reality. We will deep dive into SAP NetWeaver Business Client and its Side Panels, sharing ways to improve the user experience within SAP GUI. We will highlight quick wins, delve into the security implications of using Side Panels, and explore the technical aspects and challenges of passing parameters to Side Panels across systems and platforms.
UX125:User Experience Design and Technology:Rapid Prototyping and Collaboration Using Build and SAP Web IDE:This presentation focuses on SAP's new Build tool for designers and process owners and used for rapid prototyping and collaboration. We start with rapid prototyping from both a user perspective and from a data perspective. Next, we collaborate with business teams and gather feedback on our design. Finally, we jumpstart development of our SAPUI5 Web application by importing the code for our prototype into SAP Web IDE for final touches by a developer.
UX126:User Experience Design and Technology:UX Directly Impacts A Bottom Linecolon Intel's Strategy, Journey, and Learnings:Hear how Intel acknowledged the business value benefits of UX and incorporated it into its IT strategy. Topics we cover includecolon why and how Intel developed its UX strategy, how to capture business value and productivity gains leveraging processes, biz value calculators, tools, and metrics, active user and customer engagement processes (focus and working groups), and other best practices.
UX127:User Experience Design and Technology:Right Mix of Tools, Techniques, and Education to Make User Experiences Good:SAP is constantly getting refreshed with more tools and options every day. In this session, see real examples of how companies can keep their user experience education current with various resources. The following will be presentedcolon ASUG Webinars and events, SAP Webinars and events, OpenSAP, Hasso Plattner Institute, massive open online courses (MOOCs), SAPInsider, SAP University Alliances, partners, and more.
UX128:User Experience Design and Technology:Mobilize SAP Enterprise Portal with SAP Fiori Launchpad and SAP Fiori Apps:Find out how to put the user experience front and center. Learn how you can integrate the SAP Enterprise Portal with SAP Fiori launchpad including SAP Fiori applications, both on-premise and in the cloud. Share lessons learned from PepsiCo’s implementation experience.
UX129:User Experience Design and Technology:Cardonecolon Using SAP Fiori and SAP Simple Finance to Increase User Adoption:EY worked with Cardone in implementing SAP Fiori applications in the context of an SAP HANA/SAP Simple Finance solution. Combining innovations at front, back, and middle layers, the methodology and design approach strived to accelerate the deployment of this best-in-class mid-market solution for finance power and casual users. SAP has been working closely with EY on this first implementation of SAP Fiori and SAP Simple Finance to help seamlessly introduce new business capabilities to users.
UX160:User Experience Design and Technology:End-to-End Prototyping and User Research with Build and SAP Web IDE:Hear about customer projects carried out with the design thinking process – and how our new design tool Build and SAP Web IDE can be used together to develop delightful SAP Fiori apps. Explore Build, a new cloud-based collaborative design tool, in a hands-on session. See for yourself how easy it can be to use Build to create interactive prototypes, get feedback from users, and jump-start development without writing a single line of code.
UX161:User Experience Design and Technology:Experience SAP HANA Cloud Portal in Action:See the latest innovations in SAP HANA Cloud Portal in action, including the new SAP Fiori user experience. This session features exercises and recommendations for creating engaging business sites, developing apps and sites with SAP HANA Cloud Portal, and creating extension solutions for software from SuccessFactors, an SAP company.
UX162:User Experience Design and Technology:Effectively Configure and Manage SAP Fiori Launchpad:SAP Fiori launchpad is the new entry point for end users of SAP Fiori apps. It's a completely new user interface (UI) client that’s fully Web-based, responsive, role-based, and customizable. Learn how you can tailor SAP Fiori launchpad on the SAP NetWeaver Application Server for ABAP component according to your needs, configure how it looks and behaves, and control what users can access. Experience the integration of SAP Fiori launchpad into SAP Enterprise Portal.
UX200:User Experience Design and Technology:Building SAP Fiori-Like Apps in the Internet of Things Era:This session provides an overview for visualizing Internet of Things scenarios in apps that have a similar look and feel to SAP Fiori apps. Find out how you can access just the right information on the go through your mobile device or from your office desk. Learn how large data sets or data streams can be integrated and displayed in your custom apps by leveraging the functionality of SAPUI5, and how powerful open-source frameworks can be used to create a great user experience.
UX201:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Fiori Launchpadcolon Deployment Options and Common Recommendations:SAP Fiori launchpad provides end users with a role-based, personalized aggregation point for business applications and analytics. Join this session to learn about the common recommendations for SAP Fiori launchpad architecture – ABAP front-end server, the SAP Enterprise Portal component, and SAP HANA Cloud Platform – and implementation best practices.
UX202:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Fiori Launchpad and SAP Enterprise Portalcolon Integration Options:This lecture outlines best practices for integrating the SAP Fiori user experience and SAP Fiori launchpad with the SAP Enterprise Portal component. The integration patterns span across different portal scenarios, with the objective of renovating the user experience and establishing an effective, modern entry point to SAP Fiori apps as well as existing SAP and non-SAP apps.
UX203:User Experience Design and Technology:Implementing SAP Fiori in the Cloud:SAP Fiori, cloud edition provides a new cloud-based, simple deployment option for SAP Fiori apps, SAP Fiori launchpad, UI theme designer, and more. It runs on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, while consuming business data from customers' on-premise systems, with minimum disruption. Join this session to learn how SAP Fiori, cloud edition can take you all the way from the exploration to adoption of SAP Fiori offerings via a cloud-based, simple deployment solution.
UX204:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Fiori Appscolon Implementation, Discovery, Technology, and Architecture:Learn about the key factors for implementing SAP Fiori apps, as well as the technology and architecture behind SAP Fiori apps. Explore and discover SAP Fiori apps that are relevant for you, understand the landscape requirements, and use maintenance planning software from SAP to guide you through planning and installation. Use functions for work lists, app activation, and role generation automation, as well as SAP Fiori launchpad, to set up your landscape.
UX205:User Experience Design and Technology:New Features of SAPUI5 That You Absolutely Have to Know About:Learn about the latest and greatest features of SAPUI5 – and how developers, partners, and end users can benefit from SAPUI5. Get a firsthand view of features like smart controls, application and smart templates, expression binding, app descriptor, message handling, flexibility services, and runtime authoring. Hear about the performance improvements coming along with the content delivery network based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform.
UX206:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Screen Personas, Release 3.0colon Functionality, Migration, and Road Map:This lecture explores the latest release of SAP Screen Personas software. Join us for a discussion and demonstration of enhancements that can improve performance, scalability, and usability. The focus is on using the new scripting engine and the process for migrating from prior versions to the new one. In addition, you can preview the upcoming service pack, learn about some exciting new features, and discuss the product road map.
UX207:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP UI Technologies and Clientscolon Overview, Strategy, and Best Practices:Get an overview of SAP's most important user interface (UI) technologies and clients, road maps, and strategic impact. Learn about key characteristics and comparisons of UI technologies and clients, and when to use which. This session includes live demos for all strategic technologies, and explores a variety of topics, including SAPUI5, SAP Web IDE, SAP NetWeaver Business Client software, SAP Fiori launchpad, SAP Enterprise Portal component, and mobile technology.
UX208:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Web IDEcolon Deliver Great Experiences for Browser and Mobile Devices:SAP Web IDE is a Web-based development environment running on SAP HANA Cloud Platform. It can be used to simplify the end-to-end app lifecyclecolon design, development, packaging, deployment, and customer extensions for SAP Fiori and SAPUI5 apps. Join us to experience SAP Web IDE, including the various tools (templates, wizards, WYSIWYG, and code editor) that simplify building and extending SAP Fiori and SAPUI5 apps, and explore its newest capabilities.
UX209:User Experience Design and Technology:Deploying and Customizing SAP Smart Business Apps at TSCO:This session briefly explains why TSCO went with SAP HANA Live, SAP Smart Business, and SAP Fiori. We overview TSCO's migration to SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA and its key experiences building the prerequisite environment, including server instances, security administration, and SAP HANA data models. We include an end-to-end demonstration of how to create and configure an SAP Smart Business KPI using a custom SAP HANA Live view. We wrap with lessons learned and a view of the future.
UX210:User Experience Design and Technology:Insights on Using OData Services and UI in Analytical Applications:Learn business cases and best practices using SAP HANA OData services and SAPUI5 framework for empowering your organization with analytical capabilities. This session also covers business cases for using OData services across data for multiple sources using SAP HANA platform. This presentation will include the demonstration of SAPUI5 framework and getting data from SAP HANA views using OData services.
UX211:User Experience Design and Technology:Implementing a Responsive, Accessible, and Intuitive Enterprise Portal:The University of Mississippi used Design Thinking to re-engineer its SAP Enterprise Portal to be accessible to visually challenged users, responsive across mobile devices and desktop computers, and intuitive to its users. Join this session to learn from first-hand experiences developing this cost-effective and successful implementation.
UX213:User Experience Design and Technology:Transforming SAP UX Explorer with SAP Fiori, SAP HANA, and SAP Web IDE:Topics in this session includecolon replacing SAP Enterprise Portal with SAP Fiori and SAP Single Sign-on, adding advanced KPI and analytics for supply chain, financials, and logistics, how Pacific Drilling put together a strategy and approach and successfully executed the transformation of their SAP UX Explorer, identifying and prioritizing use cases and designing and implementing beautifully simple user experiences, and adapting and extending as well as full net-new development of applications.
UX260:User Experience Design and Technology:Experience SAP Fiori on SAP HANA Cloud Platform:SAP Fiori, cloud edition provides a new cloud-based, simple deployment option for SAP Fiori apps, SAP Fiori launchpad, UI theme designer, and more. It runs on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, while consuming business data from customers' on-premise systems, with minimum disruption. Join this hands-on session to experience SAP Fiori, cloud edition and learn how you can extend predefined SAP Fiori apps and develop new apps that are similar to SAP Fiori in the cloud.
UX261:User Experience Design and Technology:Extend a Fiori App with SAP Web IDE based on beautiful Fiori Reference Apps:By using the standard SAP Fiori Reference Apps, developers can learn how to enhance existing functionality. Learn about best practices and patterns of the reference applications that are the foundation of every well-designed SAP Fiori app. After understanding the different flavors of extensibility and when to apply them to specific use cases, you can implement your own extensions using SAP Web IDE, SAP’s Web-based application development experience based on SAPUI5.
UX262:User Experience Design and Technology:Building SAPUI5 Applications using SAP Web IDE:Join us to learn about building SAPUI5 applications using the latest tools and best practices. Find out how you can structure SAPUI5 applications, wire up the navigation, and automate testing. Create an application from scratch using templates and deploy it to the SAP Fiori launchpad on SAP HANA Cloud Platform – and see how you can do the same with smart templates.
UX263:User Experience Design and Technology:Improve the SAP User Experience with SAP Screen Personas:This hands-on session gives you a chance to build more intuitive SAP GUI screens using SAP Screen Personas software. Simplify screens using the HTML5-based editor, record scripts and automatically generate JavaScript, and try all the new usability features with help from our experts. Learn firsthand how you can improve your users' productivity with streamlined screens and workflows.
UX360:User Experience Design and Technology:Simplify and Modernize Web Dynpro for ABAP in the Context of SAP Fiori:In this session, learn how you can streamline and decrease your development efforts with Web Dynpro for ABAP (WDA). Get your hands on smart wizards to easily create and enhance your Web applications. Integrate your application into SAP Fiori launchpad and navigate to and from WDA- and SAPUI5-based applications.
UX600:User Experience Design and Technology:Custom Apps on SAP Web IDE and SAP Fiori Launchpad on SAP Enterprise Portal:In this session, learn the end-to-end process to develop, test, deploy, and publish SAP Fiori-like applications to your SAP Enterprise Portal users. To assist in this process, learn how to use new tools like SAP Web IDE and SAP Fiori launchpad designer, as well as familiar tools like SAP Enterprise Portal administration studio.
UX601:User Experience Design and Technology:Develop Tailored SAP Fiori-Based Templates in SAP HANA Cloud Portal:Join this session to quickly get up and running in SAP HANA Cloud Portal using three of the most exciting technologies from SAPcolon SAP Web IDE, SAP HANA Cloud Platform, and SAP HANA Cloud Portal. Combining these three technologies, build your own SAP HANA Cloud Portal site template, deploy it to your SAP HANA Cloud Platform account, and build a mobile-ready site.
UX603:User Experience Design and Technology:Learn to Integrate SAPUI5 Controls into Web Dynpro for ABAP:Learn how to integrate an SAPUI5 control into your Web Dynpro for ABAP (WDA) application. Learn to define and communicate with an SAPUI5 control in a WDA sample application. Explore the power of the HTML island control to enhance WDA application with HTML5 content.
UX605:User Experience Design and Technology:Runtime Adaptation of SAP Fiori Apps in Action:See how to intuitively adapt the UIs of SAPUI5 and SAP Fiori apps in a code-free way. Follow the instructor-led demo that includes changing an app's layout via drag and drop, adding new fields to the UI that your service provides, and creating a new one in the OData service. Rename labels on the UI and create new sections instantly. Especially key users are empowered to improve their business processes, facilitate access to information, and, therefore, increase the efficiency of their teams.
UX606:User Experience Design and Technology:User Experience Boost to Web for Dynpro ABAP Apps with SAP Fiori Principles:In this session, learn how to modernize your Web Dynpro apps, boost productivity, repaint user interfaces, and discover new controls. Introduce SAP Fiori design and SAP Fiori interaction principles into your Web Dynpro for ABAP applications.
UX607:User Experience Design and Technology:Extend SAP Fiori and SAPUI5 Apps in Minutes Using SAP Web IDE:Get your hands on SAP Web IDE to extend out-of-the-box SAP Fiori apps with your own business needs. In this session, take one of the SAP Fiori apps from an ABAP system and extend it with additional views, and leverage the SAPUI5 extension points and controller hooks to add additional functionality without changing the original app. Then, deploy the app back to your on-premise system or cloud (SAP HANA Cloud Portal) and register it to SAP Fiori launchpad in few simple steps from SAP Web IDE.
UX608:User Experience Design and Technology:Get Your Hands On SAP Web IDE and Build Your Own SAP Fiori App:Join us for a hands-on experience with SAP Web IDE, a browser-based development environment to rapidly build SAPUI5 apps. Bring your innovative idea for an app, build it with our powerful tools such as SAP Fiori and SAPUI5 templates, robust code editors with code completion, WYSIWYG capabilities, and data binding, to your real backend data. Once your app is ready, deploy it, cloud or on premise, and register it to SAP Fiori launchpad in few simple steps.
UX609:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Fiori, Cloud Editioncolon Extend, Deploy, and Consume Apps:SAP Fiori demo, trial, and cloud editions simplify SAP Fiori implementation, accelerate time-to-value, running SAP Fiori on cloud while leveraging the existing investment.
UX610:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Translation Hub for Your SAP Fiori Developments:Speaking the customers language is a key enabler when it comes to going global. With SAP Translation Hub, you can translate your SAP Fiori-as-a-Service developments quickly and easily. Built on an SAP HANA database, the tool allows you to benefit from years of SAP translation expertise. At this SAP CodeJam (mini edition), experience how easy it is to use SAP Translation Hub to translate an SAP Fiori app and see the translated end result.
UX611:User Experience Design and Technology:SAPUI5colon Live Coding:See how our SAPUI5 expert writes code on stage and explains some of the latest features and best practices. This is an interactive session, so feel free to bring a laptop and participate.
UX701:User Experience Design and Technology:Better, Faster Coding with SAP Web IDE:In this Code Review session, learn all the tips and tricks of SAP Web IDE to write better and faster code in high quality for your next SAP Fiori and SAPUI5 app. We cover the latest features of SAP Web IDE code editors, GIT integration, injection of unit tests to your existing functionality, reused libraries, and more.
UX702:User Experience Design and Technology:Develop SAP Fiori Apps on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, Deploy, Configure, Run:Develop and deploy SAP Fiori apps on SAP HANA Cloud Platform using SAP Web IDE. Configure apps to run on SAP HANA Cloud Platform and consume using the SAP Fiori launchpad.
UX704:User Experience Design and Technology:Navigate from Web Dynpro ABAP to SAPUI5 in the SAP Fiori Launchpad:Learn how to connect Web Dynpro for ABAP (WDA) apps and SAPUI5 apps within the SAP Fiori launchpad. Learn how to define semantic objects in Web Dynpro and how to resolve the corresponding intents in order to create navigation links. Realize bi-directional navigation between SAPUI5 and WDA in SAP Fiori launchpad.
UX705:User Experience Design and Technology:Renovating the SAP Enterprise Portalcolon Standards and Quirks Mode Support:In this session, we share the lessons learned and code samples for making your SAP Enterprise Portal rendered correctly in modern browsers. While some of the issues related to standards and quirks are being solved by SAP Enterprise Portal and the SAP UI technologies, there is still work to be done for custom applications and generic UI technologies. At the end of this session, you will have a better understanding of the scope of the problem, as well as ways for its resolution.
UX706:User Experience Design and Technology:SAP Web IDE Layout Editor for SAPUI5colon Behind the Scenes:in this Code Review session, we demonstrate how SAP Web IDE improves your productivity developing SAP Fiori and SAPUI5 apps. We also show how XML views are being generated with the layout editor (a.k.a WYSIWYG editor) and how data binding to your OData service is being done for you behind the scenes.
UX707:User Experience Design and Technology:Scripting with SAP Screen Personas for Web Dynpro for ABAP:In this session, learn how to use the new scripting tool in SAP Screen Personas to enrich and streamline Web Dynpro for ABAP applications.
UX800:User Experience Design and Technology:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Web IDE:SAP Web IDE is a Web-based development environment that simplifies building and extending SAP Fiori and SAPUI5 applications. In this session, we present an overview of SAP Web IDE, its newest capabilities, benefits, and demos and lay out its road map and strategy for the future.
UX801:User Experience Design and Technology:Road Map Q&Acolon User Interface Technologies:Learn more about the road map of SAP's most important UI technologies and clients. Get to know their key characteristics, current capabilities, and features, and what to expect for the future. Examples of topics to be covered includecolon SAPUI5, SAP Web IDE, floorplan manager (Web Dynpro for ABAP), SAP NetWeaver Business Client, SAP Fiori launchpad, and SAP Enterprise Portal.
UX802:User Experience Design and Technology:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Enterprise Portal and SAP HANA Cloud Portal:Join this session to learn and discuss the latest innovations of the SAP Enterprise Portal portfoliocolon SAP Enterprise Portal (on premise), SAP HANA Cloud Portal (public cloud), and their integration options with SAP Fiori and SAP Cloud solutions.
UX803:User Experience Design and Technology:Road Map Q&Acolon SAP Fiori:Learn what is behind SAP Fiori and what SAP's road map for SAP Fiori looks like.
